I was at my wit's end!! I have 1000 sq feet of dark cherry wood laminate floors (everything shows!!!), 1000 sq ft of light wood laminate floors and a 4 bathrooms with white tile, rest of house is carpet!  1 husband, 6 kids, 2 dogs and a cat leave me screaming at ANYTHING that brought mud, food or hair into the house.  Not only that, but we live in the pacific northwest where it rains the majority of the year - so mud and water are the norm - It would take me an entire day to clean all the floors!  I always sweep first, then steam mop and then have to go back over most the floor with a damp towel because no matter what I used (vinegar, cleaner and even water) left streaks.  Not only that, but by the next day, the floors looked cloudy!  I got the floormate and tested it out in the laundry room - so far so good. The next day I did the kitchen - AWESOME!!!  Today, I did the entire house - couple hiccups and took a while to get my rhythm but my floors look awesome!  I am an absolute freak about the floors - weirdly enough, I am a freak about socks being white too!  No matter how much I "clean" the floors, everyone's socks were always grey on the bottom.  I felt like a hamster on a wheel! I did take me a while to do all the floors, there were a few streaks, and yes, be careful when you take out the dirty canister, because I spilled it.  This is not a magic wand that will require no work on your part, but overall totally beats all the methods I have used in the past.  Not only that, but it is super clean, like clean enough that my 1 year old ate a cheerio off it clean.  When I wiped up some juice my daughter spilled the paper towel was not dirty in the least - just juice! I realize there are bigger things in life to worry about than dirty floors - but I can't help it, they MUST be clean for me to function.  Yes, the OCD in me sometimes gets the best of me... but I am pretty sure I have found a very good solution!!!  The only way this product would be perfect is if it indeed did come with a magic wand!  A W E S O M E!
