Craze is the newest, coolest anti-hero for the Space Set
M Pax has visited the stars, you can tell. In fact, her bio says that she's a star guide at Pine Mountain Observatory in Oregon. In her sparkling new space opera, Backworlds, her main character, Craze talks about shopping for a used rocket with scrappy cabins and a limit of "100 more jumps `n' stops". She's created a nuanced galaxy of Backworlds and Foreworlds, with thugs on Wism, Jix cons on Elstwhere, and a rather verdant home planet of Siegna. If only Craze hadn't been kicked off his own planet by his very own devious dad, Bast, and dumped by his girlfriend who ran off with Bast. But Craze is plucky and as optimistic as a space-age Candide. Like Candide, the awkward but loveable Craze runs into a shipload of trouble! On Elstwhere, a sexy Jix, who's not entirely female and has multiple hands (!) offers him a deal that's hard to refuse, but quite suspect. Craze is desperate for money (or chips as they call it), and he has dreams of opening a tavern in some pleasant, humble corner of the galaxy. To this end, the Jix's deal involves a black market chocolate trade. Of course! What else in the far future would be worth more than food, more than water itself than chocolate? The Jix seems to have Craze exactly where she wants him, but Craze, as bumbling as he seems, is no fool! He figures that she must be using chocolate to cover up some even bigger deal--maybe outlawed Frizzers--nasty weapons that can calcify bone. So he gathers his own secret tribe around him, Lepsi and Talos, professional rocket pilots, to double cross the Jix. No spoilers here! Suffice it to say Backworlds is a completely entertaining ride. M Pax's inventive mind conjures up food like pickled Snoink feet, and lyrical descriptions, like the one of the second-hand ship: "A lime-green spacecraft, color chipping off the hull, sat on the rotting tarmac. It was a bizarre shape marrying six caterpillars ringing the center where a couple of beetles met, back-to-back." No shiny Virgin Galaxy ship with bells and whistles here. This novel is refreshingly trim, in a sea of books that seem to get longer and longer and longer, with no added value. Backworlds is highly recommended for those who like original writing and world-building. I look forward to the sequel, Stopover at Backworld's Edge.
