Broken after six months
I bought this product August 14, 2011 and I received it on August 17th. After reading the nearly 400 positive reviews I figured that I had bought the perfect backpack. After two months the metal grommets on the front of the backpack starting falling off. I thought nothing of this because I was using the pack everyday from both school and work. The grommets have nothing to do with the functionality of the bag, they just make it look good. In month three the stitching started to unravel in the laptop compartment. It was slow at first, so I thought nothing of it and continued on my marry way. The pack did just fine for the next two months until one day, inexplicably the plastic strap adjustment on the left side of the pack broke into multiple pieces. The break and subsequent motion of the pack falling away from my should caused it to slip off my right shoulder and on to the ground before I could catch the bag. The bag fell base first onto the concrete sidewalk with a pretty loud crack. Upon opening the pack I noticed that the laptop carrier had completely separated from the rest of the bag and my laptop hid the concrete with the full force of a four foot drop. This drop damaged the cdrom in my computer to the point of complete loss of functionality. Luckily, my computer was under warranty and the repairs were speedy. The same day the strap broke I submitted a claim to the SwissGear Warranty department. They offered to replace the bag free of charge if I A. Promised to destroy my old bag and B. Paid a $10 shipping and handling fee. I paid the fee and waited for my bag to arrive. After two months of waiting (I was originally informed that it would take sometime to get my bag) I contacted the warranty department to notify them I had not received my replacement bag. In response to my phone message, I received a curt email stating that the Warranty Department had shipped my bag in Early March, that FedEx had marked it as delivered, and that the fault was on my end for not receiving the bag. I replied to the email asking if the Warranty Department could do something to replace my broken bag. They responded that a claim had been filed with FedEx and as soon as FedEx determined what happened to the bag they could possibly replace my bag for another shipping and handling fee. It has now been two weeks and I have yet to hear back about the state of my replacement bag. Usually Swiss Gear makes a great product. In fact I have been using their bags for years. However, in light of my current situation, I am sure that I will never buy another Wenger SwissGear Product ever again. I am no longer convinced that the company produces a quality product or provides quality service.
