So close to being done right
I purchased this RCA Twin DVD because I wanted to have a DVD player in the car that would play different movies or the same movie.  It does and it is great. But I returned it and will likely get a Philips PD9016 one next.  I'll tell you why below. Pros:  Quality materials, two remotes, nice loud sound, good picture, easy to strap to headrest and you can access the DVD without unstraping anything.  My son in 4.5 and he can use the remote, it's easy.  The cords are never long enough to make us happy but the cords in this one were at least longer than others I have used. Cons:  No resume.  When you stop for gas, or dinner or to go to the grocery store and turn off your car, you have to restart the video from the beginning... EVERY TIME.  It is sooooo annoying. No battery - you can not play it out of your car without plugging it in.  BUT... they do give you two ac adapters to use for each machine to plug them in.  For me... the no resume was annoying enough to return them. The Philips PD9016 is not perfect either.  No remotes and no battery.  However it does have resume.  I have not purchased it yet so I don't know if it is any good yet.  I'll review it once I get it.... The one brand I found that does it all is Sylvania - BUT I can't recommend it.  It will play the same dvd or different ones, has a remote with volume control (RCA doesn't), has a battery so you can take it out of the car, it has lousy head rest connectors, you can't change the dvd without unstrapping it first, dumb and I was able to go to K-mart and physically see several Sylvanias.  I found them to be made of extremely cheap plastic... very thin plastic and poorly constructed.  All three Sylvania display's had the buttons broken on them and none of the other brands had anything broken.  Soooo disappointing.  If they were a decent quality I could have made my own rig for the headrest and had everything I wanted... oh well. So, at least with all the research I have done... I can not find one of any brand that does it all.  I think I'll end up with the Phillips and buy an additional cheap single portable dvd player that has a battery... then all it is lacking is the remotes... this is as of Jan 17, 2012... maybe some company will read this and make the perfect set in the future!  :)
