Roku vs. Blu-Ray
It is not quite what I expected.  In the end I think I was looking for something like Push 2TV.  Nonetheless, the Roku is cool.  It works so much better than my Samsung Blu-Ray player.  The romote is simple and very easy to use.  It has a good feel to it.  My only complaint is there is no volume control on the Roku.  While I read that you could get/or needed to get an external memory card, I have not found this to be true for me (yet).  I have many more apps than on my Samsung Blu-Ray, so have not needed to add external memory (yet).  It definitely replicates many app options that the Blu-Ray has, but as stated is easier to use and is faster for me.  The initial attraction for me was the access to Prime Instant Videos from Amazon.  I find this to be very similar to Netflix, though they have some different offerings.  I have Amazon Prime and could only get videos over the internet before Roku.  I had been comtemplating giving up cable TV and thought the Roku might be a good option.  In the end, I am keeping Cable for awhile since I am in the middle of some promotion.  Also, I am a news junkie and cannot live without CNN.  I found CNN on a Roku private channel but it is not live.  I thought for a minute about returning becasue it seemed so similar to Blu-Ray offerings/apps.  After giving it a few weeks,  I am thinking about buying another one.  If I could only have a Blu-Ray or a Roku, I would take the Blu-Ray, because it plays discs.  However, the Roku has an easy interface simple remote, and extensive offering of apps/channels.  It is definitely a great option for an area where you do not have a blu-ray.  I have a Humax TIVO that has its own DVD player/recorder and will not put a Blu-Ray player in that room.  Eventually, I will rid myself of cable, or at least go down to the lowest level of cable channels, and the Roku will be and currently is, a nice offering of other content.  I read a review that recommended getting the lower level Roku with HD.  I bought the top of the line, and probably won't use the features that cost an extra $30 bucks - the ethernet port and gaming remote.  My second Roku will be the lower end version.
