I only gave it 5 stars because I can't give it 10!
I bought this a week ago (from ***mart because I was able to put it on my ***mart credit card) and I just got around to setting it up and trying it out yesterday.(I've used a borrowed Nintendo Wii to stream Netflix to my TV before but, aside from this, I have no prior experience using this type of a device.)What I like:  - The included instructions. Setup was fast and flawless.  - The user interface looks nice and it's a breeze to navigate.  - Being able to move my channels around is a big plus. I can order them the way I want them.  - The search feature is nothing short of amazing: you can search for content (by title or actor's name) across all your channels at once.  - It's a LOT faster than the Wii I used to use. Everything loads quickly and plays smoothly.  - Overall audio and video quality is fantastic! My TV is a cheaper model, only 720p, and about 3 years old - but nearly everything looks/sounds great!  - I can stream all my YouTube Playlists via the VideoBuzz private channel.  - I now have my local current (Wunderground) weather and forecast right on my TV! (There are 2 or 3 other weather-type channels like this also - just plug in your zip code and you're set.)  - The ability to stream and listen to my favorite music via Pandora.  - The remote is Wi-Fi Direct (instead of IR or Bluetooth).  - The remote + earphones. Nice idea and great sound quality too - I can use them anywhere in my (1,100 s. f. or so) apartment with no static or discernible signal loss.  - I was able to pull apart the R and L ear buds (down to the notch) to accommodate my full beard - plenty of room for my big head now! ^_^  - Limited access to my Facebook page via the Facebook photo & video channel.  - The USB port for my thumbdrive (32GB). I can view/watch/listen to local jpg, png, MP3, and MP4 files to my heart's content.  - Tons of GOOD free food, movie, and family entertainment channels & networks (including a lot of the private ones - so be sure and Google a recent list!)  - Lots of free Spiritual/Inspirational (Christian/Hebrew Roots, Jewish, Muslim) channels and networks available - including some favorites of mine (Tomorrow's World, Zola Levitt, etc). What could be better:  - The headphone cord is *just* long enough for me to listen while I wander around with the remote in my pocket, but another 4-6 inches would be better, I think.  - The option to use a composite cable (for use with older televisions) would be nice.  - More in the way of live or real-time news streaming. CNN International (CNNI - a private channel) is nice to have, but the sound quality is a bit dodgy for me. My advice to anyone considering buying a Roku 3: Read all the personal and tech reviews you can find, first. Discover what it'll do and what it won't do *before* you buy. Wikipedia has an excellent article on all Roku models and their respective features, with loads of references to boot. This Roku 3 rocks!
