Hands down the best tablet for it's price range.
After doing literally days worth of research on tablets within my budget, it came down to the Kindle Fire, B&N Nook, Blackberry Playbook, and this device. All retailing for less than $300, but after reviewing the specs of the aforementioned devices over and over, and watching many Youtube video's, and reading countless posts and discussions on this device I went ahead and pre-ordered it. First off, I tip my hat to Amazon, who got this sexy piece of technology to me a mere day after it's release (keep up the good work guys). Now on to the review. Right out of the box, I love the way this device feels in my hand. It just cradles my hands perfectly, and has a nice weight to it, and the materials to me, feel like quality stuff. Upon fully charging it, I did the initial setup, and then proceeded to download all of the apps I would need on this device (SBM, Quickpic,Camera ZOOM FX, Aldiko, Rage of Bahamut, A Comic viewer, Evernote, etc.). After testing all of them under various conditions, I am very pleased with the performance the tab offers. There was no noticeable lag or performance issues at all in starting, using, or playing any of my favorite apps. The TouchWiz interface blends nearly seamlessly into ICS, and I for one like the the way Samsung integrated the two interfaces. The capacitive screen is very responsive, and I had zero problems using SBM on this device to keep my many invention ideas drawn and saved for further refinement. Speaking of which, the screen is gorgeous at 1024 x 600, and while not the highest end screen out, is simply stunning for the price range. I tested a variety of HD videos, and all of them ran without a single hiccup in the frame rate, and had all had bright crisp pictures, and awesome sound quality (the speaker was far better than I expected it to be). Watching the HD quality video of One Ok Rock Live at Shinjiku Loft was truly awesome on this screen, and didn't stutter a single bit. Regarding reading e-books, it housed, ran, and performed far above my expectations, and I found myself reading in a variety of lighting conditions, in all of which it functioned perfectly as an e-reader. Haven't tested the camera's yet, or Poweramp, or some of the more advanced features yet but I'll update this review once I get a chance to play with them a bit more. Oh, and lest I forget, the battery life on this bad girl is beyond sweet. Since my initial charge, and using it moderately to heavily for three days, I haven't hit 60% of the battery use yet.  Also a quick note for those wondering about cases, the device fits in my Navitech case like a glove, with none of the buttons or ports being blocked (besides the rear camera of course). So far, after testing all of the aforementioned tablets, the Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 7.0 is serious contender with all of them, especially the Kindle Fire. For only an extra $50 you get expandable memory up to 32GB (a huge plus in my book), two cameras, ICS without the need to root anything, full access to Google Play, and more. Unless you're a serious power user this tablet is more than capable of handing most anything you throw at it. While a bit of a downgrade from it's Samsung siblings, for the price you currently won't find a better tablet. UPDATE 4-26-2012: Been using the Peel remote app with the built in IR blaster for over a day now and to say I'm impressed would be an understatement. I have a brokSonic TV that I use for television watching, as well as my PC monitor. While the input (i. e. switching from HDMI, to coaxial/TV, to component, etc.) is not supported by the app, it more than meets my needs. Turns my TV on in the morning, and is able to switch channels on my Comcast DTA. Now for those of you who have Comcast and a DTA (the small smartphone sized box like device), you know that there is no guide for us. And this is where Peel, and the IR Blaster captured my heart, as not only does is function as smart remote, but also has an awesome program guide built into the app. So now I can see what is on TV at any given time and allow me to instantly switch to the channel. This functions either automatically by clicking the Watch on TV button under the show currently on, or if like me and the app seems to want to double down on numbers (i. e. changing to channel 33 instead of 3) can be done manually by pressing the appropriate channel button in the upper right hand corner. A very minor annoyance, but considering me not having to give Comcast $9 a month more just for the privilege of having a guide, I give the IR Blaster, and Peel remote app, two huge thumbs up. UPDATE 4-30-2012: Poweramp works like a champ on this tablet. The sounds while not mind blowing, are crip, with good lows, mids, and highs. The bass is more than sufficient for listening to music through the speakers, but as always if I need deeper richer sound I just plug in my JBud J3's and enjoy my tunes. UPDATE 6-6-2012: Finally got the Poetic case for this tablet, and got a chance to take come videos and pictures with the rear camera. While I wouldn't substitute this for my DSLR (obviously I guess lol), it works awesome as a standard point and shoot camera and camcorder, taking pictures in surprisingly great quality. Also I wanted to note that in bright light, watching videos with any dark scenes is difficult, but it's not so big an issue as to take away from all of the awesome positives.
