After about 6 months this espresso maker stopped working.  Water barely trickled out.  I followed all of the recommended cleaning procedures to no avail.  Then I went through the whole rigamarole of contacting De'Longhi customer service to get a replacement.  They aren't super responsive and also require a $15 payment, so it isn't exactly a free replacement.  I've been using the new one for about a month with OK results.  I'd like to know the source of the problem with these units.  Is it just scale that I can't clean? Does some kind of particle get lodged in one of the lines?  Or does the pump just fail? As an espresso making novice I started out using the Lavaza ESE pods.  Now I'm using beans that I have the coffee shop grind (in small quantities, of course.)  After using real beans I'm not sure I'll be able to go back to using the pods.  I guess I'll save them for emergencies.  Note that I can't use a true espresso grind.  Even with a light tamp, this machine just isn't powerful enough to pump water through such a fine grind.  So, I have the coffee shop grind the beans one tick coarser than an espresso grind.  This works all right but I'm sure purists would scowl.  I end up pulling a shot like what you'd get at Starbucks on a good day - decent crema, a somewhat rich tasting brew, albeit a bit watery - not like what I get at the super high-end coffee shops around town, like Peace Coffee, or Koplin's. I'm still honing my technique but have a learned a couple of things.  Priming the machine by running water into a bowl and wiping the boiler filter with a paper towel helps remove residual grounds.  The square end of a bamboo chopstick helps level the grounds (This chopstick is also useful in digging out the spent grounds.)  Terry's Tamper helps quite a bit (the built-in tamper does not.)  I've been tamping on a flexible cutting mat and then curling up the mat to pour the excess grounds back into the container. The info online about modifications that actually improve the performance of this thing seem sketchy (replacing the portafilter, etc.)  I'd like to know if anyone can actually point to consistent improved performance by making any mods. Lastly, I'm clearly no expert, but it seems making coffee is more of an art than a science.  That said, it helps if you start with good tools.  This machine is more like using finger paints than the finest natural pigment oil paints.  Of course, you get what you pay for.  Now, time to go make an espresso!
