Avatar Triple Disc Set
Okay, after I purchased my first DVD of Avatar I got hooked.  When I bought it, I had no idea of what the movie/Cameron's film was really about.  So, when I read there were an additional 16 minutes (or so) of scenes not in the original, I had to have it.  Now, it is my number one favorite - of my personal collection of over 1,000 movies.  The extended cut version is the "whole" Avatar movie.  The extended cut scenes tie everything together! Right from the start, Jake Sulley is shown rolling across a crowded intersection in an overpopulated, futuristic city where most everyone wears a mask over their face to keep out... something, bad-smell, bad-air, who knows.  Probably a combination of both.  It explains Jakes prayer to Eywa "there is no more green on earth."  It then shows Jake in a cramp apartment, smaller than the standard apartment for a North Korean citizen.  And, on the tele, a commentator talks of a Chinese Zoo bringing long dead species of animals back to life like the Bengal Tiger.  On their first science sortie, Jake, Dr. Augustine, and Norm stop at Dr. Augustine's old-school to grab some supplies.  It is there that Jake asks Dr. Augustine, "what happened here" after seeing bullet holes in a wall.  Another comment made by Dr. Augustine is how the Navi learned English faster than she could teach it, and that the Navi learned "all they needed to know about humans" in a very short time.  Oh, and on the ride in to there first field assignment, they pass over a heard of Sturmbeasts, whose counterparts are the American Bison.  Later in the extended cut, a whole hunt-scene of the Sturmbeasts takes place where Jake and Tsuetsey (sic) both score kills on Sturmbeasts while flying Ikran!  The arrow shots must hit the beasts in there left air-intake ventricle to take them down as evidenced by horse-mounted Navi's spear throws merely glancing of the ultra thick hides of the Sturmbeasts. The most important part however is the scene with Jake and Dr. Augustine where she tells him the story of Nateri's sister who is executed by RDA security forces at Dr. Augustine's school after setting a bulldozer alight.  This occurs right in front of Nateri. There is a lot more in the extended cut than I have mentioned here, but like I said, it ties everything together, especially the ending, where Tsuetsey dies (more than just falling out of the back of the shuttle) and makes Jake... It's awesome!  There is also several hours of special features where you can watch scenes in various stages of production that never made it into the film. My favorite is the confrontation where Quatterich grabs administrator Selfridge by the neck, lifts him off the ground and says " you're a long way from home."The box (three leaf book type) is very nicely done in glossy pictures with comments.  Bottom line, if you are an Avatar fan, this is a must have DVD set.
