A massive improvement from the original Fire.
The GoodOutstanding picture and sound quality, movies are an incredible experience, as are audio books and music. The Fire HD's sound is better than any laptop i've owned... unbeatable in a tablet. Battery life is pretty good. Amazon is the sole source for my books, and Audible audio books, that it's clearly designed for Amazon purchasing is not a drawback for me. Note that Netflix streaming works great as well. Fast, Everything it does is fast... my old Acer 510 seems unbearably slow now. Front facing camera is the only one that makes sense to me, that it doesn't have a rear camera is no loss... my phone, iPod, and digital camera makes for enough of the things... who needs another? The BadHeavy, i say this as i'm accustomed to the weight of my Kindle Touch for reading books, the primary reason i own any Kindle device. The Fire HD feels like it's made from lead compared to the feather weight of the Touch... this will not replace my Kindle Touch as my primary reading device. Something you may want to consider if you're trying to justify purchasing this by selling or not needing a standard Kindle reader. Size, I claimed this was great for movies in the 'good' column above, and it is, but as i planned to use the device primarily for reading the screen size (7') and for internet browsing, it's just too small for internet browsing without using my fairly strong reading glasses... perhaps this is only a problem for middle aged folks like myself who need reading glasses, but it doesn't compare to browsing at home on my desktop. For reading books the font size is easily changed to make it easier on my eyes.... if like me you need those reading glasses you would be better served with the 8.9" model, as money was an issue for me i had to settle for the 7" model. Some advice if you'll take it... pay for the 32 gig version in whatever size you buy, the cloud is fine, but unless you have an LTE version you'll wish you had the extra storage. 16 gigs just isn't enough for the way people use these devices. I had a few issues with the device locking up, removing some of the older apps solved this for me... i suppose apps written for cell phones or older tablets can cause issues, or so it seemed to me.
