Buy it from Amazon
I bought my LG800 Tracfone at the end of August 2012.  I had a company cell phone and had never had my own cell phone, but I retired and they wanted the phone back.  My wife had used Tracfone for a number of years was satisfied with them.  I made the decision to get the LG800 because of the triple minutes for life and the easy which it could be used for texting.  Everything else was secondary.  As a new Tracfone subscriber, it would have been just as easy and much cheaper to have purchased the phone from Amazon.  The start-up procedure is all automatic and the system is only looking at codes.  Unless you are transfer an existing account, I would strongly recommend you get the phone from the cheapest source, which is probably going to be Amazon. Several folks  have said the phone does not have enough volume.  I agree.  I often don't hear the ring tone, even though it is set at the highest volume.  I sometimes have trouble hearing people on the phone and I wish I had more volume on the call.  I am 57 and have some hearing loss.  Until I got a holder for the phone, I found it to be slick and somewhat hard to hold.  The screen lock up can be a pain, but you can adjust it.  So far as I know, it has no loud speaker function. I miss that.  I find it had to dial when driving, but I really should not be doing that anyway. Like many people I burned minutes when I first got the phone by accidently allowing the phone to activate the web browser.  Folks have said this is a phone problem.  I disagree, it is an operator problem. Once I learned to lock the phone using the power button, accidental web browsing stopped.  I like the hand writing recognition system for texting and data entry.  I also like the option of have a virtual keyboard.  It is nice to be able to use the system which will allow me to get the job done the quickest.  All of the functions I have used have worked.  I am still getting to know the phone, but I am glad I got it.  Battery life has been excellent.  I leave it on most of the time and have to charge it about once a week.  I would recommend getting a case and/or holder for it, a memory card, and searching the web for additional instructions on the phone.  I got additional  instruction from the Net-10 web site (I think).  Finally, look hard at buying from Amazon.
