Primary Complaint Classification: Service IssuesSecondary Complaint Classification: Product QualityComplaint:Received as gift from Amazon. com, 12/25/04. After 5 weeks of occasional use, the rubber gasket which holds the screen snugly inside the filter head began to split. Within 2 weeks the entire gasket had broken completely apart and rendered this $100 machine unuseable for want of this cheap, tiny part. I went to DeLonghi's website to locate a replacement part, but the site has never been put fully online since it was first enabled in March of 2004, and the features I needed were unavailable. I then called the phone number in the product documentation and received a DeLonghi automated menu. After I made my selection from the menu I was told "This number is no longer in service," and was disconnected. I tried every menu option and received the same message and disconnection every time. Attempts to locate contact information for DeLonghi's corporate headquarters (through investment websites)also failed. Amazon. com indicated that they would not replace the product as it was beyond their 30-day returns window, and that I would have to take it up with DeLonghi directly. Obviously, I had already attempted this and it had proved impossible. After browsing Amazon. com reviews by buyers of other DeLonghi products, it appears I am not alone in my complaints of poor product quality and non-existent customer service from DeLonghi. Caveat emptor. Now I have a $100, fancy Italian-designed paperweight taking up counter space and what I need is a cup of coffee. My hope is that you have some means of contacting DeLonghi and finding out why they refuse to stand behind their products. I understand that I may have to accept the $100 loss incurred by my purchase of their terrible product, but I think other consumers should be made aware of the risks they make in buying from DeLonghi America Inc. before they make the same expensive mistake I did. Desired Settlement: RefundDesired Settlement Explanation :Although the part needed is small (and undoubtedly cheap), I'm reluctant to have any further dealings with DeLonghi America Inc. or their products. I would like a full refund so that I may purchase an espresso maker that works, from a company that will make good on the buyer-seller contract.
