Disappointing
Emblazoned with a flaming echo of the mockingjay pin, this book is clearly being positioned to attract fans of The Hunger Games. This is unfortunate, as Divergent might make a better showing without the comparison. Superficial resemblances include a dystopian world, teenagers thrown together in an artificial situation, and systemic violence. Beneath the surface excitement, the fisticuffs and rivalries, the story lacks both depth and internal coherence. It has the classic society-gone-bad background, but the world-building--the descriptions and characterization and internal logic--left me wanting more. The setting is more specific than Collins's State of Panem: Yes, that's the Chicago skyline on the Divergent cover, with a muddy marsh where Lake Michigan should be. Individual scenes are set at familiar landmarks around the Loop as well as other, unidentified enclaves. Even with these specifics, though, the story world is not as richly developed as that of Panem. Early on, there's a brief attempt to explain the story world's society. At a somewhat bizarre "Choosing Ceremony" that involves mild self-mutilation, Beatrice (Tris) must join one of five "factions." The factions are named and briefly described during the ceremony--pages 42-43, if you're curious. A sixth segment of society is the "factionless," who are basically outcasts. Early in the book, before Tris makes her choice, her family says grace together at supper. Some 400+ pages later, at a dramatic climax, she thanks God for a narrow escape. These nods to spirituality are jarring, given Tris's thoughts and behavior for the bulk of the book. At nearly 500 pages, the tome is quite a bit longer than it needs to be. (I almost gave up somewhere around page 160, but I kept going because I  was still waiting to find out what the book was going to be about at its heart.) The dialogue in particular could have been trimmed. It works where it serves to advance the plot, to reveal character, or to develop ideas. Too often, though, characters tend to ramble and repeat themselves, adding pages but not depth. Overall this is a novel about what happens when people are forced to conform. The five factions each cling to a single characteristic: the Erudite are scholars; members of Abnegation are selfless; and so on. Tris arbitrarily chooses Dauntless, the faction for those who aspire to be brave fighters. Readers looking for adrenaline thrills will not be disappointed.
