I've owned all kinds of carpet machines, from little hand-helds to a monster commercial RinseNVac (that cost a small fortune) and I have to say, this relatively inexpensive one handily outperforms them all.  I wouldn't say that it's up to commercial use because *everything* that could be made of plastic *is* plastic, however with normal household use, I don't expect to have any problems with breakage.  It's robust enough to stand up to normal handling. There are a few things that are important to me in carpet cleaning: 1) Does it get the carpet clean?  Yep. If you use hot water and the right amount of detergent, you'll do as well as any more exotic machine with this one.  (While this has nothing to do with the choice of machine, I find that premixing some detergent with some Clorox-2 and applying to problem areas with a brush (don't soak it) will often get things out that the machine in normal use will not.)  2) Is it easy to fill and drain?  Yep.  Very easy if you just tilt back the handle against a wall or table while you're changing tanks.  The top tank snaps in and out in a second.  The bottom tank unlocks with two easy to use tabs.  The two tanks stack securely for easy carrying.  Even more importantly, IT DOESN'T DRIP EVERYWHERE!! This is the first carpet machine I've had that doesn't make a mess dripping everywhere during tank changes.  The dirty water tank lid comes off for easy dumping.  The detergent tank fills through a large hole.  It couldn't be easier.  3) Does it have enough static vacuum to pull the water out of the carpeting?  Yep.  They don't specify the static water lift of the motor/fan, but it's strong enough to extract nearly all the water that goes in.  If the atmospheric dew point is reasonably low (40s or less, let's say) and you use a fan to circulate air over the just cleaned area, you should expect to be able to use the area in a matter of two or three hours.  That's just outstanding.  4) Even without the squeegee, it does a reasonable job on hard floors.  I can't say that the rotating brushes are all that effective on carpeting (though they can't hurt), but they do work effectively on hard floors.  From what I've observed, the water pickup might be slightly better with the squeegee, but it's usable as-is.  5) Cleanup is very simple.  Aside from the tanks, you needn't fuss with anything else.  Just set it on a towel to dry off the bottom.  6) It's surprisingly good at reaching edges.  On the sides, you can clean within ~1/4" of the wall.  Because the nozzle is in the front, it can't reach closer than about 1" in the front.  7) It's just heavy enough to push the nozzle against the carpeting tightly for good extraction without being too heavy to make moving it around a nuisance.  Hoover hit this trade off just right. There are a couple of minor complaints I have with it, none of which are deal-breakers:  1) it's LOUD.  Wow.  You should use ear plugs.  2)  There are acres of plastic.  Fortunately it's thick enough that nothing should be expected to break in normal handling.  3)  I'd have liked a longer cord.  4) I'm not crazy about the foot-pedal on-off switch.  I'd have liked it on the handle a lot more.  I suppose this was a practical consideration having to do with running AC power wiring within the handle. Other comments:  Are you confused about the difference between this and its somewhat higher-priced twin (the 5912-900)?  Did you visit Hoover's web site and come away even MORE confused?  Me too.  Turns out there are only two differences: The warranty for this is one year.  The warranty for the 5912 is two years.  The color.  (I'm serious).  This is "blue", the other one is "black".  In reality, they're mostly gray plastic, so who could possibly care?  The tool set is the same.  You get a hand-held air-powered spin-brush tool, and a simple non-spin brush version of the same thing.  I haven't used the spin-brush yet, but would be concerned about the loss of vacuum that the air motor causes resulting in poor extraction. One other comment about these kinds of things generally -- I wish they'd stop using the term "steam"!  Argh.  At best, you might see some water vapor.  Steam is invisible.  And dangerous.  The stuff that you see coming out of a teakettle is WATER VAPOR, not steam.  If you can see it, it's NOT STEAM.  If a carpet cleaner REALLY used steam, it would probably instantly destroy every carpet it touched. In summary, I'm a happy camper.  Even though I've had this a mere week, we've spent quite a few hours of quality time together cleaning all sorts of places.  I can't wait to clean even more.
