Returned
I wanted a mobile device to check email and surf the web while away from my office desk, without carrying around a laptop or waiting for it to boot.  However,  interacting with this device is annoying and slow.  Going from a laptop to this tablet was like losing 50% of my motor control and hand eye coordination, or like trying to use a computer while wearing boxing gloves and looking through a pair of binoculars backwards. The Voice Recognition feature did not function.  After struggling with it for the better part of a day, and the next morning, I was very happy and relieved to pack it up and ship it back, courtesy of Amazon's excellent customer service. I gave it two stars instead of one because I really liked the sharp and bright graphics, which make up for the smaller screen size of a tablet. The camera takes nice photos, including a cool panorama feature.  The overall dimensions and weight are ideal for portability. Using this device is awkward, time consuming and generally impractical.  I expected the touch screen key pad to be slower to use than a keyboard, so I hoped the voice recognition feature would be a practical alternative.  Unfortunately, VR was not working on the unit I recieved. I downloaded and followed the directions regarding the VR, but it did not solve the problem. So I was forced to use the touch screen keypad (I browsed Amazon for a separate keypad for this device, but the reviews were generally poor). The touch screen keypad is strictly two-finger hunt n' peck typing.  Because the tablet is a flat rectangle with no support and a silky smooth rear surface, its as ergonomic as typing on a greasy cafeteria tray on your lap, using one finger on each hand.  If you want to send emails with this thing, plan on writing very short ones.  Speaking of ergonomics, the on-off switch is positioned on an outside edge where it can be easily switched by accident, either by your hand while operating the device, or pressing against something in your briefcase, where it will drain the battery.  The charger cable is so short, I had to sit hunched on the floor next to an outlet to use while charging. But the biggest problem for me was the cursor is difficult to position within lines of text, which both causes errors and makes them difficult to correct.  On standard screen magnification its extremely difficult to position, you can zoom in a little and get a little more precision, but its an extra step, and still doesn't solve the problem.  The cursor seemed to select random positions and occasionally was non-responsive requiring several taps to wake it up.  The display is small, so my finger often obscured whatever it was the cursor had highlighted. I'd need child size fingers to manipulate the cursor properly. The meaning of the blue tabs which appear and disappear inside text was unclear, sometimes they appear once, sometimes twice, mostly not where they would be of any use, and it was impossible for me to manipulate them because of the imprecision of the cursor.  There is only one delete key on the default keypad, which only deletes from right to left.  I did not find a left to right delete key, which is too bad, because the touch screen keypad increases the number of typos I made by a factor of 10 or so.  I was forced to delete to the point of error, then retype, or play whack-a-mole with the cursor.  A lot of time was wasted making simple corrections.  I probably spent more time making corrections, than typing. As I attempted to use the device's features I was distracted by the visual clutter constantly thrown up by the OS.  Browsing the web was an annoying experience due to the awkwardness of the cursor.  Downloading pictures from the web was also difficult since there was no intuitive way to file them.  I was able to create files, and download pictures.  But I wasn't able to drop the pictures into the files without going to downloads, then sorting the photos one-by-one into the files I created.  If there is a way to streamline this, its neither intuitive nor clear from the manual. There is something seriously deficient with the design of the device when the most basic, simple things, typing, pointing/clicking and downloading were difficult to accomplish.  Based on the feedback I guess this is an entertaining toy for a lot of people, but I needed something to increase work efficiency, and this wasn't it.  I didn't even find it enjoyable as a toy.  I tried to watch some reruns from the TV network websites, but received an error message stating that Flash could not be run on this device yadda yadda. Due to the clumsy interface and broken Voice Recognition, I've given up on this device and sent it back for a refund.  I discussed the return with Amazon ahead of time, because I was concerned that I had already opened the box.  But they were very accomodating and courteous, and I'm very pleased with Amazon's customer service.
