the perfect solution for my slow connection and poor picture issues
My Situation: I cancelled my cable over a year ago and due to my slow connection speed I was having a really hard time viewing any Hulu-type content using my laptop; this was even worse when trying to get a decent picture to show up from the laptop connected to an HD t. v. The Problem(s): For the record I should state I have a max of 7Mbps speed connection in my area and tech support says I am typically running closer to 3Mbps; for a tiny rural town like this it's considered "high-speed". My old setup had me running a mini-AV dongle from a MacBook Air to a HDMI  cable to the t. v., then I also had to use an external speaker plugged into the headphone jack on the laptop to be able to hear the program. In addition, none of the remotes would work with any of this hot mess and I'd have to get up and manually select each function play, pause, etc.  All of this trouble to watch grainy pixels stutter and putter across the screen, zoetrope style. My solution: I read the really great reviews for the various Rokus here on Amazon. I ordered the XD on Thursday with overnight shipping, it arrived the next day. Setup was very quick and easy; from opening the box to setting up an online account to watching my first program on HuluPlus took less than ten minutes flat. I'm not a tech-savvy person and I have to say that the setup process could not have been any easier! The directions are prompted onscreen so I didn't really need the manual. I did need just one HDMI cable if I did not want to use the 3 prong cable provided by Roku and luckily I had one in the house, but other than that everything else I needed was in the box including remote batteries. When setup was complete, I was AMAZED at the crisp quality of the picture I was getting. The picture is clear and streamed perfectly with no buffering, gaps, or grains - looks just like the premium cable I used to have! What the Roku does for me:My laptop is no longer tied up while I watch online programming. My remotes work with this system so I no longer have to get up to play, pause, etc. I even get extra t. v. and movie channels for free which is a nice bonus. Up until now, I had not used the benefit of the Amazon Prime programming because with my former setup it would be a real drag to try to sit through a choppy, grainy version of a full length movie - now it's all "picture perfect"! I did not have regular radio reception in my small town either; LOVE the free Pandora station that knows and plays just my favorite music. Solves the problems I was having with one tiny little intuitive box.  Adds extra value I appreciate. Since I've only spent one full day with this unit I'll update this review if any issues arise but at the moment I am very impressed with the Roku 2 XD and very pleased with this purchase.*As of 10/20/2011 - So far, six of the thirteen programs in my HuluPlus favorites come up as "web only" and could NOT be viewed on the Roku; I still think that this is only a minor inconvenience compared with how much better my overall viewing experience with the Roku.
