My respect for Marko has gone up a notch
I read Marko's book and gave it 4 stars.  That was, honestly, rounding up a hair from something more like a 3.8 or 3.9.  The book was among the best indie stuff I've ever bought off of Amazon, and it was as good as your typical Baen book (which I read and enjoy!), but it wasn't magical.  The first section, set in a prole slum on Earth was really evocative and well done, but when Act 2 began and the protagonist went into the military I found myself thinking "eh - I've read this story before. Several times."I did say in my review for Terms of Enlistment that I was looking forward to seeing what Marko delivered next. I was thrilled with this story. Just before reading it I read some other indie fare and the contrast couldn't be more clear.  The other story I read was a first or second draft, and was written by someone who has not (yet) developed an ear for dialogue, description, or anything else.  Tons of "as you know, Bob" descriptions, purple prose, and more. Stepping into Marko's short story was a breath of fresh air.  The first sentence hooked me (and that's REALLY rare with indy stuff).  Marko has developed a lot as an author.  The dialogue was lean and tight, the pacing was perfect - there was not a single flaw. Now "not a single flaw" is good for 4-stars, but to hit 5 stars, a story has to do more than merely avoid mistakes: it has to actively do things right.  It has to create magic.  This story had lots of little touches that really developed a mood, made me care about the characters, made me feel that the characters are real.  The fact that the ship "Lucky 13" was named after a serial number and not a tale number, the fact that the pilot wouldn't trade her even for a better one - lots of little things all worked together perfectly. Finally, the pacing of the story was dead on.  Just enough back story, steadily rising action and risk, and then the pay off at the end was exactly the right note. A lot of what's written in the military SF genre is in the 2 to 3 star range. 4 isn't uncommon.  5 is pretty rare. Joe Bob says "check it out".
