A dSLR to grow with me...
As another reviewer posted, I'm not sure of my qualifications or ability to make a detailed review of this camera, but I love it and will do my best.  Having only ever used a Canon PowerShot SD610 and cell phone cameras before, this was a huge leap for me. I use the camera primarily to take pictures of the kids and flowers/gardens. I have read through the manual and found it a great asset (I have written techmanuals and read a lot of manuals, and find this one to be very easy to use).  With its use I have tried every mode on the dial and used the Q - Quick Control to try the different functions.  With the exception of the "M" -Manual Exposure, I have taken great pictures (OK - Excellent/Awesome by my standards, the people on the photo blogs may disagree with my assessment of my photos:)). The video capability is truly amazing, but does require a fast card (class 6 and up) I have a Class 10 and noted some lag when my son was running around in a low light living room.  The Grandparents will be able to watch HD movies on their big screen. The weight is a bit hefty compared to the Point and Shoot but feels right in your hands.  I have larger hands and the grips feel really nice even when holding the camera for extended time. Battery life appears to be good, I have yet to have the battery fail on me when I need it, but I have only had the camera a short time.  Time will be the judge of this.  I did by a second battery (Canon clone, not OEM). File size requires a SD card of decent size (Large . jpg High Quality = 6.4MB, RAW = 24.5MB) the camera is compatible with SDHC and SDXC cards, I have a 16 gig SDHC Class 10 (A-Data 16 GB Class 10 SDHC Flash Memory Card 16GSDHC10 (Blue)).  Not sure what the SDXC brings to the table but if I pick one up I'll update this review. Live Mode (like a standard point and shoot - LCD screen shows image to be captured) is great for videos and can help when composing shoots from various angles (taking pictures of the dog near floor - without kneeling).  There is even a Live Mode with facial recognition and tracking, chases my sons face all over and gives me the correct focus.  The Live Mode was the only mode I figured I would be able to use, but I find the standard viewfinder eyepiece to be very easy to use and has all of the information you need. I plan to have this camera for years to come and hope to someday master all of the settings (high expectations).  I feel this camera is the perfect match for my current ability (A+ Fully Automatic Shooting allows me to take excellent pictures while using the camera like a Point and Shoot) and my desire to become the photographic artist I hope to be). Anyone thinking about make the change from Point and Shoot to dSLR should really consider this camera.  May I also suggest a camera bag, and cleaning kit. I have posted a few of my images on in the photo gallery here on Amazon.
