Windows 8 is pissing you off, and three ways Toshiba helps solve it.
Windows 8 is screwing you out of your time and raising your blood pressure, you're tired of taking dumbass advice from dubious websites including the Microsoft employee morons on the Microsoft forums who are equally ignorant about their own software. You're madder than hell about Microsoft's latest operating system that is bigger and slower than everything else you've used while being simultaneously harder than muddafhwagun dogass without a simple damn Start button.-Toshiba's have madass affinity for LINUX-Toshiba's are horny for Macbuntu, the OSX version of Linux-Toshiba's are ready to run true OSX and install it in less time to boil pasta-You can run Windows 7 fully supported, warrantied and full driver support(oh, and I don't waste your time with that recycled "download ClassicShell tip" although it works, using a substitute start button is still just as dingy as wearing someone else's underwear)1. Toshibas LOVE safely dual booting LINUX letting you dual boot from a LIVE CD or installing the full build onto the SD card, a cheap $10 SD card fitted into the camera card slot under the mouse makes a suitable LINUX hard drive and you get to take a Windows 8 break whenever you want or just stuff Windows 8 into your Toshiba's attic and access the Windows 8 drive as a big data disk. No b. s hassles tuning those dual booting LINUX "lilo's", Grub or the rest of that goofy LINUX crap that sounds cute but raises hell whenever dual installing free software onto picky bitchy Microsoft Windows.2. Dual boot LINUX with a MacOS theme, that is a stable, fairly secure and damn fast version of LINUX with a Macintosh Aurora desktop even the Snow Leopard Wallpaper which is indistinguishable from genuine MacOSX.  Toshiba's wideass blithering fhwuggwan fast 64bit bus boots it up in usually less than 30 seconds, that is faster than some Apple PowerBooks can boot native OSX.  See it for yourself in my vid review in the first appended comment cause I tried stressing it with a super slow card on the SD card port and it still booted in less than a minute.3. In case you just hate everything Microsoft and you'd rather have forced sex with a sandpaper scarecrow instead of pressing Ctrl Alt Del just to logon..... Toshiba's run native OSX just in case want a pure springwater Apple and save at least five hundred dollars by avoiding paying for a PowerBook. There is large and rapidly largening subculture of Hackintosher's that have figured out Toshiba OSX installation easier than configuring a VCR. A fourth tip, but more of a fact, Toshiba lets you run Windows 7 without revoking your technical support privileges. The complete portfolio of Windows 7 drivers and software is listed on the same web site as your preinstalled Windows 8 drivers and Toshiba is one of the few manufacturers with a special "how to make Windows 8 suck a little less" page that teaches you how to make a substitute start button w/o classicShell. Maybe you're an IT candidate studying Cisco technologies and or Microsoft servers, even app developers love Toshiba's for the low cost to high power ratio and run Windows 2012 or Server 2008 without the hassles you'd encounter when trying to backrackjam Server onto a Vaio, ThinkPad or <vomit+fart> Dell Latitude since they strive to prevent driver installations until you surgically unlock every launch condition in their MSI files. Toshiba drivers are just self extracting zip file and the MSI's don't bendstick it to your backpocket just for trying to install your hardware onto a server.  You shouldn't have any expectations of telephone support when you run server on your laptop but the vast Toshiba forum allows all operating system discussions and topics and budding admins and developers are expected to fix their own problems anway. Toshibas are hard to beat dollar for dollar since they pass along the savings of using their own manufactured hard drives and LCD's to their owners. Not everything is perfect in 'Shiba-ville, the trackpads feel worse than
