Glad I went for the 300
This is for my new D700. I will spare the technical jargon.  Was thinking of the 70-200 f/2.8 but that thing is very huge and heavy.  This seems like the perfect lens for the beach. Went there for a couple of hours with the dog and snapped about 200 pictures.  Even though this is the first day using it, the 300mm really came in handy.  I took many shots at 300mm and they came out great!  It's plastic but still feels substantial in your hand.  Quality feels better that I expected.  Focus is almost instant.  I was concerned about the max 4.5 aperture but had no problems, had to turn down the ISO down to 400 as I had the aperture wide open most of the shots. I made full use of the 70-300 range as the dogs come and go very quickly.  Took some pics of a friends dogs as well and they are tiny dogs.  At 300mm I was able to get some good distance from the small dog, get an interesting perspective and background, shallow depth of field and sharp focus and filling the frame.  Also got some good pics at 70mm for close ups.  Point is that the 70-300 seems the perfect range when your going for casual wildlife photos. This lens fits perfect in the Tamrac MX5378 lens case as long as you don't have the hood on the lens.  I shot many pictures into the sun had no flare at all. I guess the coatings really work so I don't think I will carry the lens hood as I like to travel light.  On the other hand... I just tried putting the lens in the case with the lens hood attached (reversed) and it still fits but is tight.  Tamrac recommends the Pro100 lens case for this lens and that will be better if you  like a loose fit.  Problem is those cases are a lot larger and if you are using the Tamrac modular belt, then smaller is better I think. My opinion, if you have an FX format camera you can't go wrong with this lens.  My three lenses I will most often use are:70-300 (this lens) Hiking, beach, etc.24-70 f/2.8 Walk around, candid, indoors without flash.50 f/1.4G  Indoors low light with no flash.
