I love this super cool studio bag!!
I was looking for a vertical type studio bag for my unibody macbook pro 17 which fits very snug. I dont think you can get away with having another case over a macbook and being able to stuff it in its laptop slot. Anyway, I love this bag. It was hard to tell from the images if the storage and compatments would be enough but there was more storage than expected. Id say it wouldnt work to well for someone that has a lot to carry around, but I assumed on a normal occasion I would be traveling with less, and if I needed to bring more hardware I can just get a separate bag for the extras. The bag is slim, so it does not bounce around too much supposing you have it in a good spot over your shoulder. I hate when shoulder bags bounce around. Especially if they it is carrying expensive equipment. I especially love the zippered compartment on the flap which allows easy access to more common accessories without opening the main compartment of the bag. Inside of this compartment there is a small pocket for placing 'something' in, but it doesnt securely close, so anything you place in there will undoubtly come out when you raise this flap which seems like a pointless pocket. There are 4 pen holders overall, 2 of which are in the outter flap which is a plus because it is easily accessable. There is a handle on the top of this bag which I use often, especially when taking the bag off my shoulder so it does not fall to the ground. I wish the zippered compartment on the rear of the bag was a little deeper. Also, the main clip on this bag is a little tough to click together. I guess that can be seen as a good thing because it wont come loose, but it snagged my finger the first time which really stung!!! Overall, I love this bag. Very easy on the shoulder, very well constructed, love the olive green color and got a unbeatable price of around 50 bucks on amazon for it. Guess no one cares for the green, but i like how the green bag is more color consistent then the other bags such as the grey/red one or the brown/blue one. This one is green on green. love it love it love it.
