Terrific zooming ability, lack luster indoor video and grainy indoor pictures
I am a Canon fanatic, I have owned a great deal of their cameras over the years. More recently mostly DSLR's. I primarily use a Canon T3i for pictures and video. I recently decided that I would like to purchase a camera capable of capturing great video with the ability to self focus, I did not want to upgrade to the t4i as my t3i is still fairly new. I did a lot of research on this camera and thought I would give it a try. I love that the camera has the option to shoot in Raw, this will be a great feature for anyone trying change from point and shoot to DSLR, Raw files are much easier to work with and edit. The flash is clunky on this camera and the flash button on the side is useless until you manually raise the flash, you would think that pressing the button would automatically raise the flash, but this is not the case. Indoor shooting in low light is at the very low end of sub par, and a little over exposed when the flash is on. Moving subjects are blurry indoors and there quite a bit of noise in the pictures. It does however produce very incredible almost DSLR quality pictures with good lighting. On to indoor video, the main reason for the purchase. Low light video looks incredible while you are recording and looking at the tiny LCD you believe you are capturing nothing short of a masterpiece HD video, until you watch it on a larger screen and notice the all the grainy blur. I suspect the reason for this is the low aperture range which does not allow for much light to enter the camera. When you are panned all the way out this is not such an issue, but begin to zoom in on a subject and they become very dark. I will be returning this and purchasing a actual camcorder since that was the main reason for the purchase, I just really hoped this would eliminate having to take 2 separate cameras and a bunch of lenses when I travel, I believe Canon is getting closer to bridging the two, but there is still a long way to go. This is not a bad camera, but simply does not meet my needs. I believe if you are primarily going to use this product outside on well lit days you will be pleased, but if your trying to capture low light images or video you need to look elsewhere.
