WORST PHONE EVER
I just upgraded last week from the original Evo 4G and I am very happy so far. ICS is fantastic and is a big step up from Gingerbread (the lock screen, grouping app icons, widget resizing, etc). I don't want to spend too long writing this so I just wanted to point out one thing I absolutely love about this phone compared to the original that nobody has mentioned anywhere I have looked - the kickstand! While the kickstand on the original was good, this one is GREAT! Why? Because it works in 3 different ways - you can lean your phone on it on either side or on the bottom. I was relly disappointed when I originally thought that the connection for the charger was on the side you had to lean it on because you couldn't use the kickstand while charging but then I realized the versatility of the stand! Hopefully this is helpful to others who have yet to realize this as well. EDITI have now had this phone for a few months and it is easily the worst phone I have ever used. Every day I would find a new bug and other bugs would become more and more prevalent. The battery life is brutal because the software is so buggy - sometimes I lose a full charge in under 4 hours without ever using my phone - there is no excuse for that.  I have only had it for a few months (HTC Evo 4G LTE) and the software has more bugs every day to the point where I can't stand using it any more. I was told there would be a Jelly Bean upgrade coming but a friend of mine got his 3 weeks ago and I can't wait any more. It would literally take me an hour to list all the bugs but the most annoying problems are:1. The phone freezes when unlocking more than 50% of the time. I have to hold the power button and reset the phone to get it working again.2. It sends and receives every text message anywhere between 3 and 6 times. Everyone complains they get my texts multiple times and I get theirs multiple times as well.3. When I am connected on a call and I try to do something else (look at a contact's phone number or anything else), the screen turns off every time as soon as I touch it. This means my phone is unusable until the person on the other end hangs up. I called a customer service number for another company a few weeks ago and they failed to disconnect me so I had to wait for the battery on the phone to die and charge it again before I could even use it. Do yourself a favor and avoid this phone.
