My First Tablet
My mom bought last year's 8.9 model last week and I fell in love with it, so I bought the new 10.1 tab 2. This is my 4th day with it and I absolutely love it. I've been wanting a tablet for over a year(I love tech toys) and finally couldn't take messing around with one that wasn't mine so I had to buy one. I have a 17" laptop that only gets 1.5 hrs on a charge and wanted something smaller that I could do easy internet stuff like twitter, facebook, surfing, and listening to internet radio, podcasts, and music that was smaller and more mobile then my ginormous laptop. While shopping around I essentially looked at mid-priced android tablets, mostly because of my angst toward apple thanks to the awfulness of itunes software. The other tablet that really caught my eye was the Asus Transformer TF300. You can do an easy google search to see where the transformer shines where the galaxy doesn't and vice versa. Ultimately storage space wasn't a huge deal for me and I really have no need for an hdmi out. What won me over the transformer is the display of the galaxy and it is night and day difference for me. Since browsing the internet is 90% of what I'll use a tablet for a great display, where samsung truly shines, was worth more to me then a better speced out transformer. For anyone looking to buy a new 10.1" tablet definitely give the transformer a look. I also would suggest looking at the Motorola Xoom. Pros:- size, probably one of the smaller 10.1" mid level tablets- display is bright and crisp, text is very easy to read even when I have screen brightness all the way turned down- infrared sensor that can be used to control your home entertainment center (a very nice option if you don't have a cool awesome logitech harmony remote)- battery life has been great also among the top of the midlevel tablets(do a google search)Cons:- long battery charge time, not a big deal as I'm mostly going to recharge at night- no stock hdmi out- the wtf so tiny charging cord, I mean really who wants a short charging cord? Makes no sense to me- no standard usb port, instead they have an applelike proprietary port- feels like for the price there should be some kind of hdmi out and 32 gb of hard drive space instead of 16Because of the last con I can't give this tablet 5 stars, instead it gets 4.
