I know the Dyson and Hoover are in different price classes but I think there is value in comparing them to determine if it is worthwhile to spend more on a Dyson. I've used the Hoover successfully for about 2 years until it started to randomly shut off with the power button flashing. The manual says this is a sign of overheating or a a restricted brush. I cleaned out the brush, replaced the bag, and checked for clogs but the vacuum still wouldn't function properly. This led me to explore the market to see if there was a better vacuum out there. I decided to try the Dyson DC40 (which I got at Costco for $390). MANEUVERABILITY: The Dyson ball really does make a huge difference. It is like driving a race car along banked roads. It allows hairpin turns and a lot of control. The Dyson also moves with less resistance than the Hoover. All of this makes the Dyson significantly easier to move around.-Huge advantage to DysonEXTENSION HOSE: The Dyson extension hose is built into the vacuum whereas the Hoover uses a completely separate device. The Dyson hose is vastly more convenient and extends much farther.-Huge advantage to DysonSUCTION: The Dyson picked up dirt and dust that the Hoover left behind. The Dyson also does a better job accessing edges and corners.-Big advantage to DysonFILTER: I find it convenient to throw away Hoover bags every few months. The Dyson requires you to dump the canister frequently and clean out the 2 filters with water (and air dry) once a month.-Advantage HooverWEIGHT/SIZE: They are approximate the same weight. The Dyson body is skinnier which makes it a little more compact than the Hoover.-Small advantage to DysonPOWER CORD: The Hoover cord is about 10 feet longer which is very nice.-Advantage HooverHARDWOOD: The Dyson has a button that shuts off the roller which makes it safe to use on hardwood.-Advantage DysonCONCLUSION: The Hoover is a fine vacuum (when it works) but the Dyson is vastly superior in some of the most crucial features of a vacuum. So if you decide to spend the extra money on the Dyson, be reassured that you will get a significantly better product.
