Image quality great, audio needs a redesign
I recently got this camera for a concert I was attending (Mumford and Sons). I wanted to have a camera with a good zoom so I could get close-ups. Wow, you can't even imagine how close this camera gets.  I ended up being front row, and didn't really need the zoom, but when it was used, clarity is amazing. It did take me a while to figure out what setting worked best, and I do think I could he gotten a lot more shots if it fired faster.  Also, when the band ws moving, forget it - all shots were blurry.  When the flash pops up, it is awkward, and kind of cheap feeling.  I don't really like to use flash, but when it popped up, I always felt like it would break off the camera.  I used the 3D photo option, but honestly think this is a stupid feature, unless when i put on 3D glasses the photos are amazing. Currently they just look like a double image. The video clarity when you playback on the camera, or computer is incredible as well, but when transferred to a site like YouTube, even when in HD, the quality diminishes. The most MAJOR COMPLAINT I have is the microphone.  Completely awful design and poor ability to pick up sound.  The microphone is on the left side of the camera, and it is just two small openings.  The quality didn't turn out awful, you can hear the band, but it is so close to me, that my voice is just too loud.  I want to go to a show to sing my heart out, but not actually have to listen to it.  I feel like a large portion of my videos are ruined because of this. I never had this problem with my old nikon, the mic was on the bottom.  It should really be in the front, we when you film you're tying to pick up external sounds, not your own speaking.  This has such great video capabilities, I just found the poor audio outweighs them.  Here is a link to a video recorded with it, you can hear what I'm talking about.  Please excuse my terrible voice, I did not know it was being recorded :)http://m. youtube. com/watch? feature=plcp&v=Vl9BVFOb3kg
