I recently purchased the DeLonghi BAR32 Retro Pump-Driven espresso maker, which was previously owned.  The machine is relatively small, it does not take up any more space than a standard coffee maker, and it heats quickly.  I am able to heat water warm enough to warm my coffee mug before pulling a shot within about two minutes of turning it on. I have not had any training as a barista, and have never used an espresso machine before.  I found the instruction booklet provided with the maker to be lack luster, but instructive enough in the basics of operating the machine. I found more details though simple internet searches, as well as by asking a few coffee enthusiast friends. Pulling a single shot of espresso is quick and simple.  I have found that if I ask for my coffee shop to grind the beans just under the typical setting for espresso (slightly more coarse) the flow is steady, and produces a wonderful crema.  As far as pulling a double shot, I have not had any trouble.  I use about one full scoop and one scoop slightly less than full, loosely packed, and then I tamp it just enough to level the beans in the filter.  (Which is very lightly)  I believe I timed the single shot around 25 seconds, and the double around 30-35 seconds.  I watch the shot more than the time.  When the color turns from dark brown to caramel, it usually only takes a few more seconds to lighten from caramel to an ivory/whitish color.  That's when I turn it off.  I let the cup sit a moment or two to insure no drips (even with the drip tray, I don't like messes...) then I remove the mug and turn the dial to steam.  It takes a minute or two to get hot enough to steam.  I've read that a good crema will hold a teaspoon of sugar, and the crema provided by the BAR32 does just this. Steaming milk took some practice.  I suggest investing in a frothing pitcher.  Being able to place the vessel, (ideally the pitcher) into the freezer to chill before adding the milk seems to help.  I've used whole milk and skim, and skim seems to froth better.  The frothing wand is tricky, but I've found that placing the head of the wand in the middle of the pitcher with the pitcher level to start gets the microfoam growing (starts to stretch the milk) and keeping the wand just under the surface of the milk (so you hear a kind of "sipping" noise) stretches the milk sufficiently.  If the bubbles get too large, tilt the pitcher so the milk swirls into itself like a whirlpool and then stretch it until the pitcher is almost too hot to hold.  I did not find it necessary to use a thermometer.  Once you're done, let it rest a few seconds before pouring into the espresso.  I've also added any syrup flavorings to the milk prior to frothing. All in all, I've found this maker to be easy to use, easy to clean up, and that it makes a great espresso/cappuccino/latte.  The only issue I've had is the steaming wand starts to swing back towards the right after pushing it to the left to steam milk.  I did burn myself the first time I used it because I didn't notice it swinging back. I have read that the machine should be descaled, but only every "300 uses" which for me would be about once a year.  I won't have to try this until about next March. I would definitely recommend this product.
