I had been using a SAECO-built unit that Starbux labeled and sold a few years ago -- a big heavy thing that made great espresso.  Water reservoir was not well-designed and it some other quirks.  But I wanted a more compact unit.  This DeLonghi is indeed more compact and makes an espresso that is 95% as good as the bigger machine, when you use ground coffee. With the ESE pods, however, the robustness and complexity of the flavor are diminished (the price of convenience).  You put a single pod in the smaller of the two supplied brew baskets and press the button and you have pretty a good single or 1-1/2 espresso in a few seconds.  Even better, do all that twice, each one a ristretto, so basically a double ristretto. July 2012 UPDATE:  With Illy pods, the branded side goes on top.  With Lavazza pods, the dotted side goes on the bottom.  Be sure the pod is pressed firmly into the bottom of the brew basket. Also, I have noticed that if you use a finer grind of espresso (I'm talking about ground coffee, not the ESE pod) this DeLonghi may jam and you will only see a slow trickle come out -- this means the espresso is ruined and you need to start over.  It can also jam if you tamp it too much (but that can happen with any machine).  So try a somewhat coarser grind.  I tried the same fine grind in the SAECO/Starbux machine and it worked great.  So the DeLonghi has less pressure (despite the bar rating) than a heavier machine -- no surprise. As for pods, I found the Lavazza ESE pods to be better than the Illy.  The Illy has some nice chocolatey flavor, but it's weaker.  They are both medium-roast and smooth, not like burned Starbux espresso.  Both available on Amazon.  No mess, no fuss with the pods. The electric control knob is poorly marked, hard to tell where it's pointing and what it's pointing at. The instruction manual is absurdly complex, and apparently written by someone who has a lot of extra time AND doesn't know how to use this model.  It tells you to spend 5 minutes running a pump cycle to warm up your cup (yep).  Then wait 30-45 MINUTES MORE for the boiler to warm up again (that's what it says!).  Actually, you can warm your cup in hot tap water (or not at all), and the boiler warms up very quickly -- you only have to wait till the green light comes on, which takes about a minute, at the most.  Run some water through into a spare cup/dish and you're ready to make espresso. The filter holder takes a lot of torque to engage into the machine, maybe that will get easier if it loosens up a bit, or maybe my unit was built incorrectly.  But you only need to turn it a few degrees to make a sufficient seal, so not that big a deal. I haven't tried the milk frother -- but my suggestion would be to remove the plastic thingy (it screws down and off), and just use the metal tube end, held just below the surface of cold milk.  Easier to do, and easier to clean. So in general, a very good machine, esp. for the price.
