Xbox 360 4GB review
Well, I had a gen 1 xbox 360 since 2007 and that lasted me until around late January of 2011. The only reason that lasted so long was because I had fixed the RROD problem twice with the penny trick so I've had quite some frustration with the old one but I did manage to make it live 4 years so I'm going to compare this xbox 360 with the older one. This one I got in late Febuary, and so far I'm pleased with it. I haven't had it long enough to report any malfunctions yet but it seems as if they made have improved the cooling system significantly compared to the gen 1 xbox 360 which should mean a longer lifespan. A forewarning, don't put anything in front of the vents on the side of the xbox that the DVD drive is closer to. Those vents get real hot and a friend of mine put a game in a case over those vents and it nearly melted that CD and thus ruined it. The new buttons on the xbox for power and eject are really touch sensitive and have a loud DING noise to let you know they are pressed so I do like those improvements. The built in wifi is an added bonus and it seems to work real well (although only a couple of times have I been disconnected randomly, yet I'm not sure if that is the modem's fault of the xbox. What I don't like about it is the new hard drives. If you have an older HDD from a gen 1 or 2 xbox 360, they won't work without some "modifications". All you have to do is remove the case that is on the small HDD and it will fit into the new xbox 360's HDD slot. But this is really annoying and unnecessary. It just means that if you want to play online, some games won't work unless you spend 100 + dollars on a new HDD. You will need the larger HDD if you plan on making this system your main gaming system. It also didn't come with a 1 month XBOX Live Gold subscription card like the official xbox website claims it should have (which isn't a problem to me, just letting you know in advanced). Pros (Compared to the older xbox 360):-The new buttons-Overall the system seems sturdier than the old xbox.-It is smaller and looks cooler in my opinion.-It comes with built in wifi which is such a nice bonus over the old xbox 360.-What appears to be better coolingCons:-The older xbox HDDs don't work without removing the case on them.-Didn't come with a 1 month subscription card to XBOX Live Gold. Overall I'm pleased with it and the cons don't cost this a star in my opinion. I do play on computers far more often than xbox so I'm not as picky as some people are.
