Very good player - with latest firmware
I like this player.  It has all the major online apps (Pandora, Netflix, Napster, You Tube, MOG, and MANY more... with Hulu Plus coming soon).  Wireless connectivity is easy and works well.  It seamlessly integrated into my home network to access music, video and photos on my various computers. If you have an Android based smart phone there is even an app available that allows you to control the player using your phone as a remote.  Granted, for most things I do the supplied remote is more convenient, but when searching for music or a movie it is very handy to have a full keyboard via my phone instead of trying to navigate an alphabet block using arrow keys on the remote. It plays blu-ray movies flawlessly as expected, but be aware that some movies require the BD-Live connection to be fully enabled. I had turned it off to speed up load times, but discovered at least one disc that wouldn't play. I think it was "The Hit List".  Anyway, once I re-enabled BD-Live the disc played fine, and it didn't really slow down load time so I'm just leaving it on.  The load speed for blu-rays seems typical for recent players. It is much faster than my 2-year old player.  Video and sound quality are excellent.  I'm feeding everything through my Yamaha receiver via HDMI and it works great. I have not used any 3D features yet so I can't comment about that. Dvd quality is also excellent. While not as sharp as blu-ray, the upscaled display quality is still quite good. Be sure to update your firmware, which is easily done via the settings menu, because LG recently fixed an annoying glitch in dvd playback.  Previously, whenever there was a scene change the sound would cut out briefly and the image would jerk slightly. But this week LG released a firmware update that completely fixed this problem.  I even went back and re-played dvd's I knew skipped before and now they no longer skip.  Nice! All in all this is a good, versatile, easy-to-use player.  I'm quite happy with it and recommend it to anyone looking in this price range.
