Awesome
This camera is great. It came within a week as promised. I wasn't there to receive the package, the delivery guy called me and said he would come back the next day and he did. He came at 7:30 am to make sure I got it before work. I'm in IT but I was torn between the reviews on here. Some people saying it was extremely easy to setup and some people claiming to  be IT experts that took 4 days to set it up. I gathered all of my resources together (paper manual, foscam website instructions, the pdf instructions from Foscam, and the Amazon reviews) and proceeded with caution. It took me about an hour to setup but if I did one now it would take 5 mins. If you have ever messed around with a router configuration and you know how to follow written instructions, then you'll be able to setup this camera. I did NOT have to subscribe to any ddns website or any of that crap. If you follow the instructions under support on Foscam's site, step by step, you will be good. Also, download the PDF instructions from Foscam, the paper manual started off good but then progressed into broken English. The website instructions seemed to be written better and had screen shots. The first 2 parts of setup were extremely easy. Plug the camera into the router and power (cables included), Install the software and open it up. The camera's IP is listed there. At first it didn't work but Windows prompted me to install an Active X control, once I did I got video. The "hard" part of setting it up to access from the outside world, just took some sniffing around. Their site has instructions for all the big name routers but I have a no name Zytel that they didnt have instructions for. I followed the instructions, they said "Go through the options on your router until you find an option that says "Virtual Server", "Port Forwarding", or "Port Mapping" mine happened to be under "NAT" on my router. I used the screenshot as a reference and went through every setting on my router until I found something that looked like the screenshot. You set the camera to use a port other than 80 (they suggest 8090), and then in the router, you enter the camera's ip address and port that you're using (ingoing and outgoing the same). At first this wasn't working for me, but then I noticed that my router was UPnP ready but the camera UPnP setting was unchecked, so I checked it and it worked! So once this is setup, you go to whatsmyip. com and find out the IP of your modem. Once you have your WAN ip you can type it with the port from anywhere in the world to connect to your camera (eg 63.63.10.1:8090. The camera also has a setting that will email you the IP if it changes! I have a Droid so I went right into the app store and surprisingly there are a bunch of free apps that you can use, and they work! The infared night vision works really well, I've been seeing white orbs dancing around my apt in the dark (not crazy, I took video of it) not sure what that is all about. I just started messing with the audio, it's not the best in the world but it works and it's $100 camera. I'm still messing with the settings and I can keep going all night but I highly suggest this camera. It has more functions than cameras that cost 3 times as much (from what I read). And don't listen to all that BS about not buying it from Amazon, if you look on Foscam's website, Amazon is listed under trusted sellers. It cost the same on the website as it does Amazon anyway.
