We found this Cuisinart DTC-975BKN coffee maker for sale at a national-chain retail store for the ridiculously low price of $39. It had no box or manual, so we figured it was a store display model. My wife used her cell phone right there in the store to check Amazon for reviews of this model and found that it had only four reviews, and they averaged 4.5. We bought it, and I downloaded the manual ("Instruction Booklet") from the manufacturer's website as soon as we got home. We also then learned that she must have looked up the wrong model on Amazon since this model actually had 478 Amazon reviews at the time averaging 3.5. About 85 reviewers complained that this model would overflow coffee onto the counter top and floor without warning, whenever it felt like it. (This was particularly disturbing to me since I know that inanimate objects hold meetings while I sleep to plot how they are going to get me the next day.)I examined the manual and found this warning: "Clogging and backing up of water and/or coffee in the filter basket can occur under any or a combination of any of the following conditions: The use of too finely ground coffee, using two or more paper filters, using the gold-tone filter in conjunction with a paper filter or not properly cleaning coffee grounds from the gold-tone filter or allowing coffee grounds to spill over the filter." I will, of course, take care not to do any of those things. I'm not saying that the people who had coffee and grounds spill all over the place are dumb clucks, but I do suspect they were not being completely careful on those occasions: E. g., trying to use espresso or very fine grinds in this drip coffee maker, . . . or not completely rinsing out their permanent filters, . . . or trying to "improve" the filtering by using two filters, . . . or not making sure the paper filter does not catch and fold closed over the coffee as they shut the filter drawer, . . . . or not rinsing out the top of the carafe lid (there are three separate ball-valve mechanisms in it that need to operate freely), . . . or using the carafe itself to pour water into the reservoir, which can gum things up over time, . . . or not seating the carafe properly under the Brew Pause mechanism to make sure that the little plunger is pushed upward and not just sideways. I also found that our particular store-display coffee maker has a small but happy defect: There is no "Brew Pause" feature because the little spring-plunger mechanism in the bottom of our filter basket is missing--our filter basket has only a small open hole that drains coffee directly down to the carafe. We probably could write to Cuisinart for a free new filter basket, or we could just buy one for $6. But I'm not interested in the "Brew Pause" feature anyway since I'm in no morning rush anymore, being retired. (This would be a good place for you young people to pause in reading this to eat your hearts out.) I also figured that improper use of that little spring mechanism might be at least one cause of the intermittent overflow problems that so many people have reported. So, I'm happily doing without the Brew Pause feature. If I get any overflows I'll let you all know by editing this review at the bottom--and changing my star rating of it, of course. One thing does seem idiotic: The Instruction Booklet clearly states, in boldface print: "Always unplug from outlet when not in use . . . ." Well, what does "not in use" mean? The thing has a programmable clock and no batteries. It resets itself to 12:00 a. m. immediately when you unplug it. You can't unplug it and still have the clock run and the program work. If all they're trying to say is "Unplug it when you go on vacation," they should say so. I brewed my first pot with no problems whatsoever. It took seven minutes to compete brewing six cups of coffee. I note that the carafe keeps the coffee quite hot without a hot plate, and that enables the coffee maker to be designed so that it automatically shuts off almost immediately after the brewing stops, instead of two hours later like most coffee makers with auto-shut-off features. No hot plate means there's no more burned coffee for my second or third cup. That's a big plus for me. And if I find that my later cups of coffee are not quite hot enough, I just zap them hot again. Yes, the carafe is designed so that it takes 12 seconds to fill a coffee mug instead of only six; is that really a problem? (Again, you need to rinse the ball valve in the top of the lid, so do that when you rinse the carafe, which you have to do anyway.) Note that when the ball valves have been rinsed, the carafe does not drip at all when you're pouring coffee from it. I'll update this review in a few months. EDIT: (17 Feb 2012): Well, I've been using it for three months with no spills. I rinse out the carafe lid whenever I rinse the carafe. I still have no Brew Pause feature, so I don't have to think about that. Everything is copacetic. EDIT: (28 Nov 2012): Okay, it's been more than a year now. No spills or other problems. Makes fine coffee.
