I hardly ever rate products...
.... but this is worth my time. Being an avid runner and cyclist, I go through a ton of headphones. With that being said, ideally I want a relatively inexpensive product that provides both comfort and quality sound. Comfort above all; nothing bothers me more than having to readjust my headphones every other minute while running. I bought the Sennheiser OMX 680 Sports Earclip Headphones a while back because it came with an armband for my iPhone 4 and cost $50 (assuming price reflected quality)... worst purchase I've ever made in my entire life. For whatever reason, the headphones did not want to stay on my ears, the sound quality was horrible, they were uncomfortable, and the armband broke within a week. I ended up ripping them off my head and tossing them in a ditch while I was out running. Unable to exercise without music, I borrowed my roommate's Sony's for a while, which were very similar to these; they were 10x more comfortable than the 680s and 1/4 the price. I was going to buy the Sony's, but these were much cheaper and had a better rating overall. I am very satisfied with these headphones! Comfort & Ergonomics: 5/5Fit perfectly in my ear, they're comfortable and secure; based on my experience, ear-buds are best for exercising. Behind-the-neck headphones tend to interfere with my helmet (cycling), and ear-clips tend to interfere with my sunglasses. The buds are slightly angled to optimize both comfort and sound quality, and come in 3 different sizes. Sound Quality: 4/5Good when considering how inexpensive they are. The sound is crisp and the bass is distinguishable, yet not too overwhelming. The are also somewhat noise-cancelling. Durability: 3/5I can't really comment much on durability for I have not had the headphones that long. I have had them for about 2 weeks now, and though they're holding up fine, they're still relatively new. Since my hearing is not that great, I tend to have the volume turned WAY up, which I know is not good for the headphones (as well as my own ears) but, fortunately, it has yet to affect the quality. The same goes for sweat. Price: 5/5They're only $8! If you don't like them, you lose them, or they break... no big deal! And might I add, they shipped within 3 days. Standard shipping. Overall: 4/5If you're looking for a good pair of headphones for your computer, or for your audiobooks, or for movies on a long plane flight, then you may want to invest in something a little nicer like Bose's QuietComfort 15 headphones; one of the best purchases I've ever made! But if you're looking for something affordable, portable, and comfortable, I would most DEFINITELY recommend these!
