Limited Features for HDMI, Closed Captioning, Cablebox Images
Bought new.  Has OUT-HDMIplug-in, but NOT an IN-HDMI plug-in.  The DVD recorder only has IN-plugs for standard cables.  Hence, if you want to record movies off your dish-or-cable service or DVR box, you cannot do so in HD.  You can only record off your dish or cable box by routing standard (yellow-red-white) cables from the box to your recorder.  This will result in recordings in standard definition, not HD. In addition, the data passed to the recorder is as-is video image.  It does not pass the closed captioning data-stream separately.  Hence, if you record a movie you are watching with the dish-or-cable closed captioning option on, it will play back EXACTLY as you saw it (i. e., the closed captioning will be on the screen and you won't have the option to turn it off, because it was an "image capture" of what you were watching).  Likewise, if you record a movie while the dish-or-cable closed-captioning off, it will play back on the recorded DVD exactly as you saw it (i. e., without closed captioning).  The Toshiba recorded, although having a closed-captioning option on the Disk Display menu, is only available for store-bough (new) DVDs.  It is not accessible for self-recorded DVDs.  And since the dish-or-cable movie's closed-captioning data-stream is not picked up by the Toshiba recorder -- once again, you get a recorded image of exactly what you saw while watching the movie.  If you watched it without closed captioning, you will not be able to "turn on" closed captioning on the DVD you just recorded.  If you watched the movie with closed captioning, you won't be able to "turn it off" on the recorded DVD.  The recording is nothing more than a video image of exactly what was on your screen at the time of viewing. This also means if you have a caller-id feature or other pop-up info-buttons that are displayed on your TV while recroding -- these too will end up on your recording!!! Same goes for screen formats.  If you watched in standard format, or wide-screen format, or letter-box (or if you have HD cable or dish, you get two channels for the same broadcaster -- one in HD and one in standard ... each with different screen formats displayed).  Since the Toshiba recorder does little more than just record exactly what was being viewed at the time ... if you watched in reduced or standard format (i. e., a smaller screen image with a big black 'border' around the movie) -- your recording will show ONLY the smaller image with a big black 'border' around it.  Even if you watch the recording on a wide-screen TV, or worse, on a small-protable or laptop ... you'll still get that tiny-view with black borders. All in all -- I DO NOT recomend the Toshiba recorder for anyone who has HD TV's with HD dish or cable boxes and DVRS -- and DEFINITELY NOT for someone who wants the option to view self-recorded DVD's with closed captioning turned off (for hearing family members) or turned on (for hh family members).  You just don't have the option to turn on or turn off the closed captioning.  You get what you saw, and ONLY what you saw, when you first recorded the movie. Final comment -- BEWARE if you want to view DVD's you already recored on different DVD recorders.  I have -- over 200 movies recordeToshiba DVR620 DVD/VHS Recorder, Blackd on Panasonic and LG recorders (both died after an approximate 2-year lifespan).  These disks have the closed captioning embedded and I could (on other machines, or on my MAC) watch them with or without the closed captioning being shown.  But, remember, the Toshiba doesn't record or read the closed-captioning data stream on self-recorded DVD.  Hence, although I can watch movies (DVD-R,+R,-RW, +RW) on the Toshiba (either those recorded on it, or on other machines) -- the embedded closed captioning data stream (that existed on disks I recorded on other machines) is NOT read by the Toshiba.  Hence, you can't view the closed captioning that has been embedded as a data stream on any self-recorded DVD's. I am strongly considering returning this new recorder.  If you care about the features I mentioned, you might consider not buying this, or other models until you FIRST get WRITTEN confirmation from the manufaturer that the model you are considering has the features you expect.
