WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE! Should be called NotPro
GoPro doesn't deserve any stars as to me rating their product!!! Due to GoPro's extremely poor customer service, I have returned both the Silver and Black edition... GoPro really needs to work on their customer service. First, GoPro is too cheap to provide the consumer with any type of owner's manual nor an easy step by step way to use or download its software... extremely NOT user friendly. So here goes... I purchased a Silver edition and Black edition a couple weeks prior to Christmas. I decided to get the devices ready by attempting to download the GoPro software... what a pain in the rear-end... I attempted to copy all the files to my camera's SD card at the root folder, I received the following error message: "The disk in drive E is not formatted. Do you want to format it now? Yes or No. When I say Yes, to format removable disk E, it states "Windows was unable to complete the format."When I attempted to copy all the files to my camera's SD card at the root folder, I received the following error message: "The disk in drive E is not formatted. Do you want to format it now? Yes or No. When I say No, to format removable disk E, nothing happens/occurs. I tried this download on two different computers... NO LUCK. Also, I called GoPro technical department the day I got it at 5:33 PM Arizona time and the automated system stated my estimated wait time would be 15 minutes with 12 in front of me, then at 5:55 PM their automated system notified me that they were closed. Well there's 22 minutes of my life I'll never get back. This is unacceptable and extremely poor customer service. So, I then called their customer service and they told me their tech support should have remained opened for another 2 hours. The customer service rep. was unable to put me in the front of the waiting line to their tech support, so I again waited... and waited... and waited; so, after about an hour I got fed-up and hung up. I went to the GoPro web site to contact them about my issue with downloading the software and their poor customer service. I sent them the following inquiry request: I have found your system-GoPro Hero 3: Silver Edition and Black Edition extremely difficult to download. My issue/problem with copying the update to my SD root has not been resolved since I have called technical support last week and my attempt to reach someone several times. According to their web site, my inquiry will take approximately 3-4 days to get a response... Hummm 13 days later, I finally got a response, but by then I was so fed up with GoPro and I decided to return both the Silver and Black edition... It's just not worth all the frustration. I wasted several hours of my life trying to deal with their technical support and them failing to solve the issue with downloading their software. Like I said in the beginning... Due to Gopro's extremely poor customer service, I have returned both the Silver and Black edition... GoPro really need to work on their customer service. GOPRO SHOULD BE CALLED NOTPRO!!!
