After spending a while reading reviews on different vacuums, I finally settled on this one, and I'm glad I did.  This honestly has to be one of the best all-around vacuums I've owned.  The suction power is great, and the option to  adjust the suction level is something that every vacuum should have.  We have wood floors, tile, thin carpet, and thick carpet at our place, and this vacuum does a great job at switching among them all with ease.  Vacuuming our area rugs used to be pain, as our old vacuum would literally eat the rugs and spit the crumbs out the back.  With the adjustable suction control, this vacuum can easily clean area rugs effectively without "eating" them. My favorite feature is how well this vacuum cleans bare floors with or without the brush, and without needing to mess with height control.  It doesn't kick out crumbs, and it glides along the floor quietly.  (speaking of quiet, this has got to be the quietest vacuum that I've ever had by far... all it makes is a "whooshing" noise.  The motor itself is surprisingly quiet). Biggest drawback?  The handle comes off and also serves as the hose attachment handle. The problem with that?  While it's a good idea, the angle of the handle seems to conflict with the angle of the attachment in such a way that the hose drags along awkwardly on whatever you're using the hose attachment on (it's kind of hard to explain via text).  It's manageable, but I'd think they'd account for this in the design. As others mentioned, the hose isn't "stretchy" enough and is placed too high on the light vacuum base, so if you venture even the slightest distance away from the vacuum, it's going to tip over.  I suppose a way around this is to use the "lift-away" feature and just hold the vacuum base while using the hose.  It's a trade off I'll take - the other features of the vacuum make up for it. UPDATE:Though the plastic dust cup is washable, do NOT submerse it in water!  This may have been an error on my part, but water gets trapped in the lid of the dust cup, and I cannot seem to get it out.  If I shake it, I can hear water moving around in there.  So far it hasn't caused any problems, but it's nonetheless concerning to know that there is water (albeit a small amount) inside of an electric appliance.
