Marware Gets it Right !
I received Marware C. E. O. Hybrid Kindle Fire Cover just a couple of days ago. And, I can already say that I love it. Sturdy yet stylish design protects my Kindle Fire from all sides. I originally had an M-Edge Incline Jacket. But, I felt that it wasn't covering all of the bases. For one thing, with the M-Edge Incline you had to insert your Kindle Fire into the jacket in only one way. This was because the bottom border was raised higher then the top border. If you wanted to play Angry Birds, which loads the opposite way that some other games do. It meant that if you wanted to keep it in the jacket and set it up as a stand. You had to use the inside of the cover as a base and use the middle groove to set the bottom of your Kindle in. Which meant from time to time you may be pushing the Kindle out of the groove and have to prop it up again. With the Marware C. E. O. you don't have to do that. The Marware stands firmly in place and isn't going anywhere fast. With the M-Edge you had to be careful when you were reading something. Because, the edges on the front and back edges didn't line up evenly. So, there may be a chance that the Kindle might get out of balance while holding it. And, it may fly open leaving you in a delicate balancing act. Once again, with the Marware you don't have to worry about that. Because of the simple elastic strap and the built in hand strap. You don't have to worry about loosing your grip and having your Kindle Fire hit the floor or something else face first. Pros:Front & Back Panels provide firm protection. The edges are guarded. The elastic strap keeps the cover opened or closed in either direction. The hand strap insures that you're not going to loose your grip on the Kindle Fire. Non slip strips and designed support means you don't have to worry about your Kindle falling over while in the horizontal/landscape stand position. Cons:Price. Yes, it may be about $5.00 (+/-) more then the M-Edge. But, the added protection and features are worth it. Besides, there are ways around it. I found my Marware C. E. O. in the Amazon Warehouse in "Used/Like New Condition" for $26.00.
