Edited review: still MANY CONS and few pros.
***See bottom for new comments. Okay, I've had this camera for a few months and finally got around to playing with all the settings and taking a couple hundred test shots, a few indoors and most outside in varying sunlight. What I Like:Price and durability. I did a lot of research online and comparison in stores... all other cameras with the same features were $320 to $600+, and many of those had broken buttons or error messages or something. Weird, I shot only Nikon film SLRs back when and they were the best, period. But Nikon digitals have loose wiggly buttons and feel cheap and plasticy across the board. Just sayin'.24x optical zoom. Fast, too. Though even with dual stabilization, it's almost impossible to get sharp handheld photos at high (9+) zoom. Lightweight yet solid. Control buttons are well-positioned and give you a nice solid click. EVF for tracking moving subjects, composing shots in high ambient light, etc. Aperture priority, if I want shallow depth of field.14mp! Sharp photos with incredible detail. Accepts high capacity SD cards... a 16gb card holds 2352 pics at max resolution. Takes excellent macro and supermacro photos. You often can't tell from the lcd or EVF, but sharp focus. What I Don't Like:TOO MANY OPTIONS!!! It's maybe nice to have them, but you set the ISO or color saturation in one mode, and it doesn't transfer when you shoot in another mode. And who needs all that Facebook stuff and in-camera editing when you're going to download onto a computer anyway? The manual (pdf download) is nearly 150 pages long! Many of the subjects are not well explained (ie: in what on-camera menu can I find it this feature?), and some are not addressed at all (ie: overlaying 3x3 grid to aid in composition and vertical/horizontal alignment)The LCD is REALLY reflective, it's difficult to see with all the glare. And the brightness control is on the third (out of five!) page of the tools menu. EVF is too small, and the eyepiece is HARD. If you are panning or zooming, the EVF view is jerky. Exposure compensation: +1/3 is almost enough, but +2/3 is way too much. WTF?*****COLOR BALANCE skewed toward yellow, especially in outdoor natural light. Blues are fine, greens are excellent, reds are kind of off, orange is gold, pink is too hideous for words... envision red wine and bananas in a blender, you get the idea. Everything looks like I'm taking pictures as the sun is exploding (What would be the  point? Who would be alive to see them?) I tried pretty much every possible combination; the most realistic is with white balance on "sunny" and STD color... but still very imperfect.  I could overlook just about everything else, but this one really pisses me off! Gonna spend a lot of time with editing software. Grrrrr... Contrast is a little too sharp. Whites and light colors tend to be washed out and lack detail at +1/3... yet at zero compensation, scenes are too dark overall. WTF?? Multi AF mode is a misnomer- it chooses ONE focus zone (NOT multiple) out of many possible. Kind of pointless.. you want to take a photo of 2 horses in a field, and only one is in focus?? Seems to choose the same two on the upper left side no matter what the subject, too. AA batteries. Yeah, alkalines are available anywhere... but you'll need NiMH for any kind of decent battery life. That's an extra expense for the batteries, a spare set, and the charger. A proprietary rechargeable battery would have been smaller and lighter to carry in your pocket, and much MUCH cheaper. Edit: One more thing... it took me literally 5 minutes to figure out the battery configuration the first time... there are stamped + and - battery icons stamped into the plastic, but they are so incredibly shallow and flat black on flat black as to be unreadable even held under a lamp with a magnifying glass! Add to that the two small phillips-head screws that look like plus signs and are next to two battery slots, exactly on center... sheesh! FWIW the two outside batteries go in head first (- exposed). Nitpicking:Textured righthand grip and rubberized lens barrel make it easy to grasp... but it's still a little small for  my hands, and there's nothing to hold onto on the left side. The one I tested in a store didn't have ANY texture on the grip, so I don't know if it's a "normal" feature. Center pinch lens cap is hard to grip. Neck strap is MUCH too short for a tall person, with the provided neckstrap at max length the camera sat between my nips, also the camera can (I tried it) come off the slippery nylon straps if pulled. Battery/memory card door is tricky to open, you have to pull it while holding the latch unlocked. And unless you set the camera upside down, batteries are in danger of falling out when the door is open. Slow to save to memory card... with a class 6 card, you still get about 2 seconds of lag time and black screen as it saves the photo. End result? I SO regret buying it. I blew some gift cards on it, so the the expense wasn't too bad, and now it's too late to return. Wish I had waited for a used Panasonic FZ35 (I recommend Panasonic Lumix FZ and TZ series)to show up somewhere.***Edit comments: I've gotten closer with the color problem by custom white balancing in full sun, on the side of light gray stucco house... I would call it cinderblock, or maybe even light pewter. Which makes completely no sense; balancing on a surface that's more blue than yellow ought to INCREASE yellow saturation... I first tried balancing on some light tans and beiges, then the photos were more yellow/orange than ever. Completely backwards! Anyway, resulting yellow-to-red spectrum is much nearer to realistic now. Blues seem a bit over-vivid (this is all in "standard" color BTW). Some brighter greens (tree leaves) are good; however muted greens like sage or olive are the correct tone but too dark; that could be from the CONTRAST/exposure problem I described before and am still having. There is no way at all to tone down contrast when shooting. PLUS, the on/off button is starting to stick. I really hate this P. O. S. camera. One more thing I failed to mention: although the image on the LCD or EVF never really looks sharply focused, the photos okay.
