Product discontinued by manufacturer; poor customer service; unit failed after 1 year of use
I bought this shortly before my baby was born. We were fairly happy with the monitoring system--between the two channels you could usually find one with little to no interference and it had good range. At about 14 months after purchase however the handheld unit's sound stopped working. For a while it would just cut out but you could get it to pick back up by a slight adjustment of the volume dial. Eventually however it got to the point you couldn't pick up any sound at all. Short version: This product has been discontinued by Summer Infant, so if you experience any problems you'll be out of luck on getting a usable replacement if it fails. Especially down the road. While I was happy with the original product the failures of Summer Infant's customer service have made me wish I went with another brand. I will not recommend Summer Infant items to anyone now. Long version: I contacted Summer Infant, fully expecting that at the very least they could offer a replacement unit. They said they only had refurbished units available but could offer one at a reduced rate. I was fine with that, assuming I'd be getting a refurbished unit from the same model I had, and after they took all my model #, serial # info., etc. they sent one quickly. The set I received (a camera and handheld unit) were not compatible with my original set in the slightest. Totally different model too. I emailed them and waited with no response for almost two weeks. After emailing them a second time, I was told oh, sorry we do have another one that might work, so we sent it out. (I will note they sent the second unit without my authorization, but said they wouldn't charge me for it after I inquired.) I received that set (again another camera and monitor set of a different model) and again they were not compatible. So again I contacted them, and only then was told my original model (the same sold here) was discontinued and they could not offer anything else. Why they couldn't be honest from the beginning I don't know, but of course they said if I would return the other units they sent me AT MY OWN EXPENSE they would happily refund the money I paid for the one refurbished unit. Call me crazy, but I'm not about to pay for return shipping on two units they knew full well might not work with my original set up yet failed to provide that small detail of information to me prior to shipping and charging me for them. After threatening to take up the charges with my credit card company (only if they didn't offer to pay for return shipping) they suddenly decided to offer a new set of the discontinued model to me at a reduced price. So now I have to decide if I want to take my chances with another set that may only last another year and more of their not so great customer service.
