I opened it yesterday, actually when my neighbor opened it, all he did was lift up the box, the box was not taped on the bottom. The door has some scuff marks on the inside from where they put the parts inside the dryer *loose parts*It does remove lint well, the filter is in the back use four fingers gently turn to remove the 3 layered lint filter, you will need a small brush to get the lint off of the cotton like filter, the other 2, you can use a damp paper towel, there is allot of lint, you will want to hold it inside a garbage bag or outside. Place the filters back together cloth is on the back, clean white side faces the back of the dryer, then the put the screen & front piece together use the slots to snap together, slide on the cloth piece and gently put it back in the dryer turn slighly when it dosen't fall off it's in place. I do not know what they were thinking when the made the back parts for the dryer, you can use it but you're going to need some metal tape, I bought mine at lowes and paid over $7.00here's a link for a better buy on the metal tapeScotch Aluminum Foil Tape 3311 Silver, 2 in x 10 yd 3.6 mil (Pack of 1)You will also need an indoor dryer kit if you intend to use this inside, I bought a cheap one & just put a thigh high stocking over it, from the bottom up.  It works, no loose lint all over my home. Here's the link to the kitThis same kit is more expensive at lowes. Dundas Jafine TDIDVKZW ProFlex Indoor Dryer Vent Kit with 4-Inch by 5-Foot ProFlex DuctThe reason I give 4 stars, the dryer door is scuffed and it is too heavy for me to lift and try to send it back, also the back pieces of the vent, not because they are plastic they are shaped oval and are about 3" not 4"This is why you need the metal tape, you will have to taper your vent kit hose to the oddly shaped vent hose that goes on the back of the dryer. All you need is a phillipshead screwdriver to put the back of the vent hose on. It also comes with some brackets that are for mounting. It does not have an on/off switch, just a dial and a button for high/low, it puts out enough heat. I hope this helps.
