I'm truly impressed with Roku!
My wife and I have been frustrated by the offerings from our satellite provider. Not their fault, really -- just the problem of so much drivel on so many channels. It's disheartening when you pay a hefty monthly charge, then find yourself surfing scores and scores of channels and still unable to find anything current to pique your interest. Of course, a lot of great content from the past is archived in various places, but getting affordable access to it is another matter. So when I heard about Roku, I wondered if a one-time purchase of this little gadget could be our solution. Especially since, as an Amazon Prime member, I have free access to Prime Instant Videos, which streams a treasure horde of great TV and film content from the past. Well, my Roku HD Streaming Player has more than lived up to my expectations. The Roku is the size of a hockey puck, and it sits inconspicuously right atop your TV cabinet next to the screen. Installation and registration, onscreen and online, was 1-2-3 easy. I made a stupid error during registration and had to call a Roku rep to fix things. After a bit of an online wait, the young man came on and helped me out quickly, no problem. Once that was settled, though, I found a huge trove of entertainment available to me beyond the thousands of Amazon Instant Video offerings. In fact, a host of other channels offer FREE streaming of old TV shows and films of just about any genre you can imagine. Roku is a Mecca for film cultists, with a number of channels archiving hilarious, campy sci-fi, horror, and "weird" (their word) movies of the past -- as well as great film classics. There's a Simon & Schuster book channel featuring video trailers, interviews, and talks by bestselling authors. There's a Smithsonian channel, with scores of fascinating documentaries on a multitude of topics. These and a lot of others offer their content FREE. Besides Amazon Instant Video, there's Hulu, Vudu, and Netflix, if you can't find a favorite show or movie for free and are willing to pay a bit to watch it. There is Pandora and a lot of music channels, too. There are sports channels, international channels, specialty channels. I even found a channel offering free guitar lessons! Best of all, there are all sorts of search options, so that you can find obscure titles within and across channels. And those channels are continually expanding, as is the content provided by many of the channels themselves. This kind of technology is clearly the wave of the future. It empowers individuals to create personalized entertainment menus according to their own viewing and listening preferences. If you aren't satisfied with what cable and satellite systems provide you, I enthusiastically encourage you to check out Roku.
