The New Nikon DX Flagship Camera?
Having been a heavy user of the Nikon D100, D200, and D300s starting around 2002, I watched waited in anticipation for the new Nikon D300s replacement as the Nikon DX flagship camera.  When the Nikon D7100 was introduced, I followed the discussion as to whether it was or was not the replacement.  Frankly, amid purely speculative rumors of a D400, I remain unsure.  However, the D7100 is clearly a contender for the position (and with a 1.3 crop factor sensor versus the 1.5 of the D300s). First off, it is important to note that while there are sometimes issues with first production runs of cameras, many of the issues I researched were unusual in comparison to number of units sold.  Many reported issues such as sharpness are simply from people who may be buying equipment that exceeds their skill level.  For example, as you increase pixels and gather more data, proper steady hand-holding techniques become critical and the camera is less forgiving.  This is why I advise people I give classes to seriously consider not jumping into advanced gear.  While improper focusing and hand-holding issues may be barely evident on a D300s (12mp), they are very evident on a D800 (36 mp).  Regardless, it is important to take every review with a "grain of salt."  Even my review. I am a freelance part-time professional photographer and my review is in that context.  Many full time pros are very hard on their gear.  I am not.  Nevertheless, I found the build quality of the D7100 on par with my D300s, just smaller, lighter, and arguably more ergonomic for smaller hands.  Pro's will definitely opt for the grip.  Though it will probably not matter to many D7100 buyers, the D7100 is not built with the same magnesium alloy frame of the D300s though it does incorporate partial alloy in critical areas.  Like the D800 and D300, the D7100 is weather sealed.  Neither of these features is likely to sway someone looking at the D7100 nor should it.  Camera use cycles (not life cycles) are estimated around 2-4 years.  That means at this level of camera purchase, it is likely the purchaser will keep the camera for that duration; a duration that more or less coincides with Nikon product release cycles for this class of camera (DX format).  The D100 was released in 2002, the D200 in 2005, the D300 in 2007, the D300s in 2009, and now the D7100.  Though the D7000 was released in 2010, no one considered it even a possible successor to the D300s unlike the D7100, which appears a contender in this regard.  Based on all this information, it appears likely that users will ditch their camera models well before issues of build quality come into play.  At most, resale value may be affected. The D7100 is a multimedia convergence device and builds on that strength.  It blurs the line between still image and video art.  In fact, I recently recommended this  camera as an all in one solution to an organization that was starting up its public relations department and needed to capture massive amounts of video and still images.  Nikon's 24 mp DX format CMOS sensor in the D7100 avoids the use of a low pass filter and thus improves sharpness (with proper technique) with "usable" (subjective term I rarely shoot beyond ISO 200) ISO to 6400 with perceptible noise issues beginning to develop around ISO 1600.  There are significant improvements to focusing and speed processing through the use of a 51 point focus system and Expeed 3 processing (2016-pixel RGB evaluative sensor)- a significant improvement over the D7000 (many reported focusing speed issues).  The D7100 also incorporates 15 cross type sensors for horizontal and vertical contrast detection.  Significantly, and perhaps what most aspiring film producers look at most, the camera provides 1080p video in a variety of formats with an array of scalability (jacks, external monitors, HDMI out, WU-1a Wireless Mobile Adapter, etc..). Since video is not my area of expertise, I will rely on other reviewers to report their experiences.  My short experience with testing the video yielded professional results very quickly.  I just can't deal with amount of processing time needed at my computer. In the area of still photography, usability and end products were exceptional. First, the D7100 viewfinder utilizes a high-contrast OLED display for much improved viewfinder clarity at 100% coverage (the LCD is is also slightly larger).  Focusing was fast and dead on (my 80-200 2.8 locked on with laser precision).  As I said before, the D7100 has much improved focusing and processing speed as well as AF tracking with face priority (which, I rarely use).  This might also be influenced by the elimination of the low pass filter in front of the sensor.  My low light comparison tests to the D300s put the focusing speed at about the same or just slightly slower.  The elimination of the filter also provides greater ability of the sensor to resolve image detail.  However, using cheap lenses will offset against the D7100.  In my tests, this was extremely evident as I compared results.  ISO performance is also notably improved with less noise than the D7000, especially in darker areas of the image.  Underlying texture in the shadows seems more even- a more pleasing gradient of transition perhaps.  The dynamic range improvement as well as the ability to resolve images is likely due to the 1.3 crop factor versus the 1.5 crop factor found on other Nikon DX cameras.  But one again, it is important to understand that all these advances require proper shooting techniques because you are capturing more detail (data).  If you are a shooter who is erratic and uneven on the shutter release and/or you compose in such a manner that you crop large amounts in post-processing, the weaknesses will be magnified.  This is the reason so many people returned the D800 citing issues with the camera that seemed to end up being technique issues.  Keep this in mind.  Of note also is the use of U1 and U2 mode, which provides the ability to set and retain custom camera settings and easily switch settings back and forth (inside and outside for example).  For shooters who appreciate a very smooth shutter release, something that should not be overlooked, you will not be disappointed.  The shutter release on this camera is very smooth and even. I could go on for pages.  However, much anything else I write will have already been covered by either other reviewers or more qualified technical folks on the Web. Let me close out by saying this is a sharp, fast, and accurate camera with a sensor that provides great dynamic range.  24 mp is seriously more than you will ever need unless you plan on making billboard fine art prints.  But, at the same time, as you move up in the range of camera, camera's start becoming unforgiving of bad technique.  If you find your images are not sharp or your focus is off, step back and re-examine your shooting techniques.  Start by placing your camera on a tripod and shooting an inanimate object under very controlled lighting conditions.  This will provide a good baseline from which to measure camera performance without a host of shooter variables such as camera shake, shutter stabs, or focusing problems. Compare the tripod shot to your hand-held shot under the same conditions. From there, you can determine if it is a camera issue or user issue.
