This machine is fantastic and after i ordered (over great deliberation) and received mine, I could not wait to review this and rebuke other reviewers who clearly have trouble following simple directions or have no experience making espresso (point being, don't go so out of your way to bash something when you are clearly no expert).  I was pretty put off by the bad reviews by seemingly well meaning and "intelligent" people.  I've owned a really good espressso machine and the issues they were describing sounded like the sort of issues one might have if you didn't know what the heck you were doing.  So I gambled ($60 bucks) and got this little thing.  It ROCKS. Here are some tips:1. It's all in the grind, grimsy. You still want it slightly grainy - about cornmeal but I actually have ground it into virtual powder, just to test it, and this thing still has no problem pumping the hot water through - amazing.2. The level and compression of the coffee grinds are CRUCIAL and I have found, after much use, that the single most important thing, is how hard you twist the "basket" on (no idea why they call it a basket but it's the thing that holds the coffee).  I have found the ultimate way to make this work!!!  I figured out the problem that everyone was having:IN ORDER TO MAKE THIS PRODUCE PERFECT SHOTS WHeRE YOU END UP WITH ROCK HARD LITTLE PUCKS OF SPENT COFFEE AND BEAUTIFUL, CREAMY JET BLACK SHOTS - LIKE YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO WITH A GOOD MACHINE:- FILL THE THING WITH COFFEE, PILED WELL ABOVE RIM, TAMP AS HARD AS YOU CAN TO RIM LEVEL- TWIST IT ON FAIRLY FIRM (IT TAKES BOTH HANDS)- THEN TURN IT ON AND THE SECOND YOU SEE A DRIP OF COFFEE COME OUT, TURN IT OFF- ONCE MORE, TWIST THE COFFEE BASKET ON EVEN HARDER - YOU WILL FIND IT IWLL MOVE QUITE A BIT.- TURN IT BACK ON, AND IT WILL MAKE A BEAUTIFUL SHOTThis helps settle the grounds a little so you can compress them even more. What I noticed is that, because this machine is so small and light, it's really hard to twist the basket on hard enough (the first time) without just yanking the whole thing off the table - you have to wrestle like a little piggy!  So you just can't compress the coffee enough and, if you don't, it won't pull a good shot and, that's where this "soupy mess" comes from that everyone complains about. I have it down now and don't need to do the turn it off and on thing - when I twist mine on the first time, it seem fine and there seems to be no diff in the product that comes out.  I am strong however so for those of you who may not be able to bear hug their machine as well as i do - do the method above. One thing that might also be happening is, I ONLY use the larger "double shot" coffee basket but the machine comes with a smaller  single shot basket.  I haven't even used the smaller basket (because uh, who drinks "one shot" of espresso) and it might actually be a little harder to get the right compression and all that with the smaller basket but honestly, I would exclusively use the double basket, and you will get a richer shot. I also bought the metal 2 inch tamper that others recommended and I feel I could not be without it now after using for months.  You need something hard and shaped like this to really really tamp the coffee in very very hard.  I can smash a mountain of coffee down with this thing so it is in fact important. If you pulled a good shot, you will get a nice, thick, crema (tan foam) with a buckskin or carmel color (this will settle more and more the longer the shot sits there).  When you fill your shot glass and turn off machine, the crema should be around 2-3 mm high.  If it's really high (say, half the glass) you probably didn't tamp it hard enough or your grind is too course.  If there is no crema, you didn't tamp or compress coffe hard enough). When you pull the basket off to clean it, you should have a hard, fairly dry coffee puck that is slightly resistant to coming out and has to be dug out with a little wooden stick (use chopsticks or similar blunt, wooden device or you wll harm rubber ring inside).3. You can remove the little silver tray (it's superfluous and serves no great purpose) and just put a larger cup in the catch basket underneath - problem solved for all the whiners who complained about "no room." I love how small the thing is whereas at first I thought "Oh god, it's a toy."  It's not.4. My machine seemed to heat up in no time (under 10 minutes) and my shots were scalding hot (I have no idea what to say to those who complained that their coffee didn't get hot - mine would give 3rd degree burns and the cup is far too hot to hold).  I admit there seems to be some confusion in the literature about warm up times (15 mins, 30 mins - what is it guys?) but I guess it involves the fact that you can preheat it (by actually using it to cycle water only, with no grinds involved) and reduce the actual "ready time" and by practice, this seemed to work (though, again, the instructions actually say "preheat for 15 mins, cycle water... and it should be ready... now wait 30 minutes" - what???  This is clearly a typo - text left in when it should not have been and as I used to be a technical writer (computer manuals, etc) I can tell you that's a common mistake - typos are eazy to see but sensible text, mistakenly left in is not since it does not at first blanch appear out of accord. Look, once i was in a hurry, I turned it on (I always turn it on to steam first and make steamed milk, BTW) and 5 min later I made steamed milk and espresso, no problem. After a full year of use, I routinely wait just 3-5 minutes for warm up but my trick is i always put it to "Steam" because that makes it hotter initially.5. My steamer doesn't work, it only makes hot water, whaaaaaa!!!  Yes it does, you just havn't had your cup of joe and you're still ASLEEP.  You have to turn the knob.... get ready for it, here it comes... to "STEAM."  It does not make steam when the knob is in the "I want espresso" position - it makes hot water.  Mine makes plenty of steam.  The knob doesn't say STEAM, or, I WANT ESPRESSO, but the little pictogram showing steam blasting out of a nozzzle that suspiciously looks like an espresso steam nozzle - should be enough, even for sleepy heads. This thing also takes the pre-made "pods" of coffee and as far as I am concerned, I would never use something like that.  Old school for me, all the way and I guarantee you my shots blow those hugely overpriced poodle pods out of the water. So, there is a tiny little art to this but it's not that hard to get it right so long as you know the importance of how hard you tamp it in. Have a little patience or you will be going back there to have teenagers make your $5 cup again which i don't really mind except I don't have time to stand in line for 30 minutes. That's about it.  have used for (over a year) now and it's awesome.
