Great Oven, Few Minor Complaints
This has been reviewed to death so I won't bore anyone with repetitive details. Great oven, love the look and features, only a very few small dislikes:1) The convection fan in the oven I purchased makes a grinding noise as it spins down. I can hear the fan blades hitting something inside. It doesn't sound major and I don't feel like dealing with the hassle of boxing it up and shipping it back, so I decided to keep it anyway and if it breaks before the warranty runs out i will just ship it off to Breville. I might even open it up myself and adjust the fan blades, I'm sure its something very simple.2) No oven light. At this price point an oven light would be very nice, its annoying to have to open the oven door and let all the heat out to check on the food, I sent my suggestion to Breville and they said they will consider it for future models.3) Shows fingerprints and stains very easily. Not sure what it is, but there are a lot of little dots around the base of the oven door. I know its stainless steel and stainless steel shows everything, but I have a trashcan that is also stainless steel and it advertised no smudge marks...4 months later still not even a single fingerprint is showing on the trashcan, not sure what they did to accomplish that, but it would definitely help if this oven used that material.4) The timer is not very loud and as soon as the oven reaches operating temperature it immediately begins counting down. This for me is the most annoying feature by far. I've never had an oven where I had to scramble to get the food in as soon as the timer sounded. I can understand maybe its a power saving feature; if you do not hear the timer it will shutoff once the countdown reaches zero, but I would rather if they had just made it so that it would shut off after 5 min of reaching operating temp if the door hadn't been opened or something more logical like that. Since the ready alarm is not very loud its easy to miss the alarm. ConclusionEven after all the minor things I do not like, I still like this oven enough to give it 4 stars. The fit and finish are just what I was looking for, it cooks extremely fast, and has no problem staying on temp even with a full tray of chicken breasts in it. The display glows an attractive blue, and the dials are super easy to use. If it weren't for the timer issue I would probably give it 5 stars anyway.
