Big Disappointment
This was a highly researched purchase, and I was swayed by a video review by a verified Amazon customer on these pages.  The joke is on me.  We are boxing this up to return it after multiple time-consuming disappointments.  Here's the problems you will experience if you buy it:  First, this device operates at 2.4GHz, which jams your home WIFI network.  If you use the internet, and have a WIFI network, don't buy this thing.  We spent hundreds of dollars on upgrading wifi modems and cable boxes before we figured out this little piece of junk was the problem.  Second, the casing is so poorly constructed that it can't sit upright on your bedside table, OR clip on to any nearby furniture.  It also doesn't have a stand or little leg that kicks out to prop it up.  It just sits annoyingly on its back on the table, at an angle you cannot see the screen from.  Thus, you need to fully get up out of bed to look at it, and hold it in the palm of your hand.  Just what you want to do at 3AM.  Third, the sound and movement detection it claims to have doesn't work.  Our son was calling for me to come in, and this sound did not activate.  It is totally silent, and switches to a power save mode, where it will stay no matter what sounds your child is making.  It claims this so it will not disturb you if your child sleeps with white noise.  Well, isn't the point of a monitor to do just that - disturb you if your child needs you?  Fourth, the video signal is much worse than our previous old system - it has a grainy, somewhat slow motion quality, and the images on infrared are blurry and indiscernable.  Finally, it has no audio-only mode or standby.  Our old monitor had a video on/off toggle that allowed you to hear, but not have the screen light on to maintain room darkness so the parents can sleep.  This device forces you to turn the monitor face down to blunt the video, or just turn it off altogether.  The audio is silent throughout  - you will not hear your child unless they are bawling or sobbing uncontrollably.  Save your time by looking elsewhere!
