It's like magic!
This is the first bluray device that entered into my house. I purposefully stayed off of the bluray bandwagon for the first few generations, and I'm happy to say that this player has made the transition quite pleasing. Paired with our 46" Samsung HDTV, the quality of the bluray movies we've watched so far is breathtaking. The difference between what our old Sony DVD player delivered and what this bad boy delivers is indeed noticeable.  But I'm sure you all know about that whole story--bluray delivers much higher definition video than we're used to. Fact. The DVD upscaling on this player is tremendous. All of my kid's movies now fill the whole 1080p HDTV with only a few artifacts here and there that suggest you're NOT watching a bluray movie. We're very pleased with this feature. We use the built-in WiFi and LAN adapters every single day to access Amazon Prime and Netflix content. The quality and speed of these services is amazing. I'd say that Amazon delivers much higher quality video than Netflix on the majority of the shows that we've watched, and the Amazon interface is nicely integrated with the rest of the menu system. I also enjoy being able to control the player with my Android tablet. Typing in search terms and whatnot using the numbers on the included remote is ... less than ideal (unless you text on your old school phone all the time). Sony's Media Remote app allows me to either type in (or even speak) words using my tablet, and it saves me a lot of hassle. The built-in USB ports make it very easy to watch content that you have downloaded on your computer. My wife and I just watched two movies using the USB port this evening. Plugged in the thumb drive, it appeared on screen within a second or two, and our movies were easily accessible right away. One thing that I've yet to figure out is the DLNA capabilities of the player. I've configured my computer as a DLNA server, and the player recognizes this. The only problem is that none of the videos on my computer appear to be compatible with the player. Each video I try to play comes back with a message like, "Invalid or corrupt video." Still working on a solution for this. UPDATE: Adrian in the comments suggested Serviio, and it did the trick for me!
