ABSOLUTELY MADDENING.  However, a very pretty paperweight.
Let me start off by saying that I started trying to write this review on the actual device, and had a pretty good one going too, until my screen's brightness lowered out of nowhere, so I(like a stupid person) pressed the F key to increase the brightness and PRESTO my review is gone(apparently, that button doesn't change brightness at all, it's really just the back button for your browser), and btw the screen is still dark. That actually sums up my experience pretty well with this product: it looks nice, the hardware is good for the price, but now I'm typing this on my iMac because goshdarnit I just can't trust the ASUS to type a review in Amazon. That's just sad. Quick overview: I'm a highly experienced user with decades of experience in computers under my belt.  I've lived and breathed tech for my entire life.  No product has ever frustrated me more than this one - I see its potential and how it is utterly WASTED.  I've been trying to set up this device for 12 hours, while my previous ASUS took a grand total of 45 minutes to completely set up and personalize.  I think I'm halfway there.  Lucky I'm already bald, I guess - I would be anyway after this experience. I won't belabor the points that the internet has made about Windows 8  - I'm just going to say it sucks.  However Windows 8 is Microsoft's epic error, not ASUS's.  ASUS's sin is its absolutely crappy software - for example, when you first turn on the device and finally make it to the desktop after performing the windows 8 startup dance, you see that ASUS's instant-on feature is running... BECAUSE IT TAKES UP 1/32 OF YOUR SCREEN. This is a feature that absolutely needs no GUI, heck for even an advanced user such as myself it would have just been nice to see in the control panel, but instead it starts up and runs and takes up your desktop till you X it out.  It's a simple fix with msconfig to disable the feature on startup, but hey, I wanted the feature, NOT THE STUPID GUI.  I don't know which middle manager's bright idea that was, but FIRE THEM.  NOW. This is even more maddening when you consider the fact that there is no obvious way to change keyboard and touchpad settings.  You know, something you ACTUALLY NEED.  A quick google search demonstrates that nobody has any idea how to change this function, especially within the indescribably horrific bowels of Windows 8. To sum up: the hardware is great, but the combination of Windows 8(awful) and ASUS bloatware(even more awful) combine to make a cluster**** of frustration.  In many cases I can EVENTUALLY find the settings I'm looking for and with a registry edit, msconfig edit, or rain dance to the gods, fix my issue - but a new product should WORK OUT OF THE BOX, not require more coaxing than my 7 year old HP desktop that's littered with trash.  With every other new tech product I was able to hit the ground running in less than an hour - and it was always a happy experience trying out something new.  But the last 12(now 13) hours have been simply awful. EDIT: I finally found it.  Somehow, when I first started customizing the laptop, the smart gesture(really think about renaming that one guys, very few things are SMART about your software) wasn't in the taskbar.  Now it is.  Because I'm betting this is a windows 8 issue, and not an ASUS issue, I'm upping my review to 4 stars.  Seriously ASUS, windows 8 is weighing you down.  It'd be nice if you made it easier to install windows 7, but whatever, not your fault.  Also, for other users, if you don't want to have the same issue I had at the beginning of this review, hold fn before hitting a f key to change brightness, sound, etc.  It seems backwards to me, but at least it's understandable.  Sorry for taking my frustration out on you ASUS, it really should be directed to microsoft. EDIT 2: After 17 hours, I've finally got everything set up and made it past the learning curve.  That was an AWFUL day.  However, most of it was not ASUS's fault.  I never used Vista, so I don't have a basis of comparison for "Most Awful OS's Ever" - but Windows 8 is certainly the worst I've ever used.  It simply should not take that long for me to figure out a new OS.  That being said, once you get past the learning curve, there's a lot of fun to be had with Windows 8: again, provided that you make it past the learning curve.  It took me a nonstop 17 hours to figure it out, and I know computers better than the back of my hand - I shudder to think what it's like for an average user.  Microsoft, this was simply unacceptable.  Thanks for ruining the next generation of PC's - it's no wonder you're losing market share like it's going out of style.  As a final jab, I'm completely baffled how anybody at Microsoft thought that any of this was a good idea - next time you should try market testing with real users, not just your paid shill reviewers and Yes Men. ASUS, love the new laptop, love the sleek design, love the power for the price, hate Windows 8.  But I do understand that that is simply beyond your control - sorry Microsoft is taking you down with them.
