Great big bag - cross between a messenger and a small duffel
I bought this bag to carry with me to work and to the gym.  In the main compartment I can hold my clothes, a pair of sneakers and my Nook (yeah I am on Amazon and I'm a Nook user, not a Kindle user) and a few other odds and ends.  There is a second compartment which is not fully enclosed - but the flap goes over it and this is where I put my Towel after the gym and my flip flops when they are all wet to keep things separate.  In the water bottle holders (there are 2) I put an umbrella in one and it works great for a compact umbrella. The Flap over has a zipped compartment and during recent heavy rain storms - my papers in there did get wet, but the main compartment stayed dry.  Inside the Main compartment - I would not put a lap top or other delicate device as it is just one big open compartment with no laptop holder or separator or even no zipped compartment.  Small items also get easily lost in such a giant compartment. I've used this now for 3 months - and the bag holds up great for the price, it is almost like carrying a small duffel with a big giant compartment and this is actually about the length of many small or medium duffels without the bulkiness. It is not the most fashionable messenger bag - but it is very functional if you carry lots of stuff - its best use is as a gym bag.  I would not recommend if you want to carry a lap top or iPad  etc, or if you have smaller items which you will be endlessly be fishing for in the big wide open main compartment. If you want an affordable messenger slim bag to carry around papers, gym clothes, books, etc - this is a great option - if you have allot of small stuff I would recommend considering another smaller or more compartmentalized bag. There are also 2 small pockets that are enclosed which work great for small items (gym lock, iPod, chargers, and even a hair brush).  These are also weather protected. When I ordered this - the bag came quickly and I had it in a few days - so very good experience with the shipping.
