Great bridge camera!
My husband and I were in the market for a new camera as what we would be replacing had lower megapixels than our cameras on our phones. It was time for an upgrade! After extensive research online and recommendations from friends we decided to go with the SX50. We wanted something that had the ability to be customized as I learned more about photography and would be similar to a DSLR yet we also wanted to be able to just "point and shoot" until I got the hang of it all. I enjoy taking photos but I really have no idea what a lot of the terminology is yet. The idea of getting a DSLR was really intimidating, plus the cost difference was pretty substantial if we were going to go with the "best" beginner DSLR out there. The SX50 offered the chance for me to learn more while still have an automatic setting that could take all the guess work out of it for me. Less than a week after we got the camera we went to a friend's wedding. The 4 hour plane ride to get there allowed me some time to play around with all the settings and trying to learn some tricks to get good pictures at the wedding. At the wedding though, I wasn't comfortable enough to actually use any of the settings so I took nearly all of the photos on the auto setting. It actually worked out ok because the auto setting took GREAT pics! Since we've been home I've gotten the chance to mess around with the settings a little bit more and I'm slowly starting to get more comfortable with them and what they do. I'm really happy that I'm able to do that. Other features about the camera that we really like are the 50x zoom. I had no idea how far that really is until I was taking pictures from my couch of a squirrel outside in a tree-I got so close that it looked like he was sitting right next to me! We also really like the screen and the way it can be folding back to protect it. Another camera we were thinking of getting was the Nikon P510 but we really disliked how the screen on that one moved. With the Canon we can put the screen facing in to protect it from being damaged when we aren't using it and that is a huge plus-the last thing I want to worry about is breaking the screen because we couldn't protect it. Overall, we really like this camera and are really happy we got it. We've yet to do a lot of picture taking since Spring has taken a while to show up and we haven't been outdoors a lot yet. But once we're able to I plan to have that camera by my side taking all kinds of different pictures!
