Most Versatile Camera By Far
I got this camera based solely off of cost. It costs a measly $900-$1000 depending on where you buy it -- I say measly, but only relatively to other cameras. This puts it just before the Canon 7D. I was skeptical at first, because the tilt-screen was a new feature back then. I was under the impression that the screen would be fragile, but it is actually far from it. This camera, in my opinion, is the most versatile -- in terms of features -- camera that one can buy. It does everything well, including video. Video recording is made extremely easy with the tilt-screen, and although I didn't buy the camera for its video capabilities, I am now glad that it has them. Noise performance, picture quality, and ergonomics are fantastic. Once you learn how to use this camera, you can do it with one hand. All of the settings that one would ever want to change have their own dedicated button -- except white balance... sadly. Everything else is programmable to a custom menu that will give you quick access when you're out shooting. And although this camera does NOT have a dedicated white balance button, you can program it to the SET button, which is located in the center of the D-Pad. All in all, I would say this is a fantastic camera, BUT, there are a few drawbacks:After around two years of use, I have realized how much I would have LOVED for this camera to be weather-sealed. Every now and then I get caught up in rain or snow, and I always worry about my camera -- so far the 60D has tanked through several snow and rain storms. My second desire for this camera would have been for some different body construction materials. The polycarbon-fiber resin, or what-have you, is great, but I would still prefer the sturdiness of an aluminum body. So, would I recommend this to a friend? Definitely. For $600 cheaper, you essentially get a 7D without the aluminum body, weather sealing, and slightly faster shutter speed, but everything else is absolutely the same. This camera produces fantastic pictures in the hands of a knowledgeable photographer.
