Best poor man's hardware for aviation moving map
This review is for pilots. I recently borrowed someone's Garmin aera 796 Portable Touchscreen Aviation Navigators with 3D Vision for a long cross country trip (AZ to SD). First time I've used a moving map in the plane. Wow! That'll spoil ya'. Especially with XM weather. But $2000 for a large "tablet" that only does one thing? So when the price came down on the Galaxy Tab 2 (clearing out, getting ready for the Tab 3), I bought the 2 for moving map software in the cockpit. (Can't afford and iPad and even if I could, I don't want to be captive to AppleStore.) If you want something self-contained (that is, that has its own GPS so you don't need external GPS), your two choices in the Android world are this Galaxy or the Asus Nexus 7 1B32 7-Inch 32 GB Tablet. Have only done one round trip flight with it, but so far am happy. For reference, we fly an 18 year old homebuilt "plastic" (fiberglass) plane with large plexiglass canopies and side by side seating. No glass panel or fancy avionics. For us, a 7 inch tablet is just the right size for glass in the cockpit. A 10 incher on my knee would jam the stick. Since I don't have a Nexus 7, I can't give a personal side by side comparison. FWIW, the folks at Anywheremap rave about the GPS receiver in the Samsung, and I can get 16 satellites sitting here in the house. (Whereas the Aera only tracks 14 - but it has WAAS.)On paper, the PLS display on the Galaxy is brighter than the IPS Nexus. cnet says 379 nits v. 288. (Whereas the Garmin is 600! But at a lower resolution.) The Galaxy has a better contrast ratio than the Nexus too. But outdoors, in direct Arizona sunlight, the Galaxy screen is barely readable. In the airplane, however, with smoked canopies and sun shields, we didn't have any problems viewing the screen while flying at noon. I don't know how the Nexus would fare. One RV pilot in Van's Forum said that its TFT display did better in direct sunlight, but that its Corning glass really reflects. Didn't have that problem with the Galaxy. And the PLS display is supposed to have a better viewing angle than IPS, which was important to me and my flying partner. I bought the Galaxy at 9 in the morning and went flying at 11. So no time to fully charge the battery. Still, with only about 60% charge, we did a two hour flight with capacity to spare. (WiFi and Bluetooth off, power saving on.) Interestingly, the screen on the Aera dims after a minute to save power. Even tho I've set the Galaxy to dim in settings, the map software kept the screen on for the whole flight. Am trying the free trials of Anywheremap and Garmin's Pilot. (Will plan to try Avilution later.) The Galaxy now comes stock with Android 4.1.1. On our unhacked unit, both apps worked reasonably well. That is, no lag, even with the CPU in Power Saving mode. (I attribute whatever bugs there were in the maps to the applications, which others report to be still a work in progress.)The Galaxy only has 8GB of internal memory, but both map products can load some of their data to the SD card - if you have one. The Nexus has 16 GB RAM but no SD card slot. I've downloaded the SW sectional charts on Anywheremap and all of the US Sections in Garmin. (But no approach plates or low altitude enroutes.) Looks like there's still room. Both the Galaxy and Nexus have 1 GB of RAM. I have 400 MB free when running either map without getting crazy. (I didn't try overlaying radar.) Still, I'll probably root the unit to kill silly apps to free up RAM. Both tablets are easily rootable. (But I'd stay away from a custom ROM for now. I read that Cyanogen makes the GPS unreliable. Since the whole reason for buying this thing was the GPS, you might not want to experiment with custom ROMs.)To get XM weather will cost about $1000 for the receiver with Bluetooth interface. Both the Galaxy and Nexus have Bluetooth, so that option is there for later. The Galaxy has a smooth back and slides off your knee easily, whereas the Nexus has a rubberized dimpled grip for a back. I might try rubber cementing a rubber router table mat to the back of the Galaxy to give it a better grip. And of course, as others report here, the tablet does the usual eye candy stuff you'd expect. In my unit, WiFi reception is good and it plays YouTube videos with no problems. So it has more utility than the Aera. (And isn't as thick.)So far, so good. I don't care about low pixel count in the front facing camera and stuff like that. So 5 stars for this application. If I encounter any problems as we fly more with it, I'll try to update this review. But really, as the prices come down on these things, you can't go wrong using them for moving maps in your plane.
