Wansview and D-Link router
Received a Wansview NCB-541W in a small box with no packing.  The enclosed CD had a V4.0 of the user's manual.  I had the camera up and running on Wi-Fi within a few minutes.  I had returned a Foscam F18918W which died after 1 hour.  Although they look similar, they are different, but produce the same result. The only problem I had was with my router.  The D-Link DIR-601 does not use 'Port forwarding' for web viewing with this Wansview camera.  The D-Link uses a 'Virtual Server.' I tried 'Port forwarding' and DMZ for hours before my programmer son saw the tiny print on a small enclosed printed 'Quick Start' guide that showed using a 'Virtual Server' on a D-Link router. Follow these steps for a D-Link DIR-601 router. Set the wi-fi on the camera for 'Set IP automatically' and restart camera. Use the program on the CD 'BSeries Intranet Search' to find the camera and it's new IP address. Type the IP address into the address bar on your web browser, Firefox, IE, Chrome etc. and see if the camera is working.  Go to 'Maintain' in the camera menu and under 'Device Info' you will see 'MAC' you will need this set of letters and number in the next step. Open the D-Link router configure page in your web browser Firefox, IE, Chrome etc. 192.168.0.1, the default is 'admin' with a blank password and go to Setup > Network Settings > Add/Edit DHCP Reservation.  Click enable, make up a name for your camera then in the drop down tab select "ipcam_****'. Type in the IP address given to your camera and the MAC address from the above step.  Click save and go to the top of the page and hit 'Save Settings.'  After the router reboots check the same page and see if you camera is on the 'DHCP Reservations List.'  This step will ensure that this IP address is not give to another computer. Go back to your camera page and select 'Network' and uncheck 'Obtain IP automatically.'  Make sure your IP address is listed in 'IP Addr' along with all the other IP numbers.  Change the 'Http Port' number from 80 to another number of your choosing from say from 1030 to 1050 or just about any number will work.  Now hit 'Submit.'  When the camera reboots, type in your camera IP address in your web browser and add your port number after a colon  :1030 (sample 192.168.0.107:1030) to see if the camera is still working. Next go back to your D-Link router page, then ADVANCED > VIRTUAL SERVER.  Check the box, name your camera, then in the drop down tab select "ipcam_****'. add your IP Address add your port number from the above step in both 'Public Port' and 'Private Port' and 'Save Settings' at the top of the page. On your D-Link router page go to 'Status' and under WAN towards the top of the page find your routers 'IP Address' this number will not start with 192.168. x. x.  I have Cox internet and mine is 68. x. xxx. xxx.  If you can find your address use findmyipaddress . com.  Type this into the address bar of Firefox, IE, Chrome etc. and add your port number to the end (sample 68. x. xxx. xxx:1030) this will show you if you can now see your camera outside your home Wi-Fi on the internet.  If this worked you can see your camera anywhere in the world. Some internet providers change the router IP address often, others like Cox, not so much.  Wansview provides a great built-in service that will always point to your camera even if your router IP address changes, this is the xxxxxx. nwsver . com address.  It took several days for mine to start working.  Find your address on your camera page under Network > DDNS Settings.  D-Link also provides a free service to do this called Dynamic DNS.  On the D-Link router go to TOOLS > DYNAMIC DNS to set it up, if you want to use it. There is a Wansview forum at Wansview . net, that may give you some more help. All of these cameras use a standard 1/4" camera mount on the bottom, so you can get a standard 1/4" bolt and mount it to a spring clamp and then mount these cameras just about anywhere. So far so good.
