The Evidence is in... microwave radiation causes cancer... period
This is an excellent first book for someone to read that wants to know the real TRUTH behind how the cell phone scare first started and how the industry and it's high-powered and overpaid lobbyists buried the TRUTH about microwave radiation from cell phones (wireless routers, cell towers, cordless DECT phones, microwave ovens, etc.). Motorola paid $25 million to do a 5-year study that didn't even last the entire 5 years. Dr. George Carlo and his team were not given the money when they needed it most in the 3rd or 4th year of the testing phase. Why? What did the industry (CTIA, FDA, etc) have to hide? How does an industry that is supposed to PROTECT the consumer allow an electronic and radiation-producing device to bypass mandatory pre-market testing? Of all the devices of new technology coming online, how did this happen? This is absurd. And why was the FDA invovled? It's not a food or a drug... What are they doing even touching electronic devices? Maybe they need to change the name of the agency or just get rid of it altogether. Our food isn't safe either. Dr. Carlo's research about the truth of the dangers of cell phones was buried and they tried to make him a scapegoat. And since the book was written there are 100's of millions of more cell phones in existence, more cell towers and dumb SmartMeters in our homes. Do the research and start by reading this book. You will be shocked by the evidence. Then go visit truth seeker and award-winning journalist and researcher Will Thomas at [...] and read all of his free articles and purchase his 138 page e-book for under $8. It's full of evidence and it's well-researched. $8 is a steal. Then visit [...] to check out reasonably-priced professional and consumer-based radiation detectors. The only way you'll know how much radiation is in your work, home, community and retail-store environments is by being able to see what a detector picks up. You will be amazed and shocked! And pray that you don't have a cell tower near your home or in your neighborhood because your health will be at risk. Do your own research and don't listen to the corporate media! They're LYING to all of us! All they care about is $$$.
