I love coffee. I mean I don't just like it, I love it. I love the smell of it, I love the taste of it, I love to grind it, I love putting my nose close to the freshly ground coffee powder to smell it, I love the aroma while it's brewing, and I love to drink it. There isn't much about coffee that I don't love. Now, I've used Krups for over 25 years but got tired of the clock mechanisms breaking and also the paper-thin carafes breaking if you but look at them sideways. Then I found out they're no longer being made in Switzerland, which was why they were charging $120 for their Aroma Plus machines at one point. They're now much cheaper because--like everything else--they're being made in Korea or Mexico. Got tired of paying so much for a coffee maker that was not reliable any longer and got a cheap Mr. Coffee. Big Mistake. No alarm, couldn't see the clock and the coffee tasted like the filter. I came in here and looked and saw the person's review at the top of this section. I read it and found it to be absolutely right on, but for the comment about the lighted display. Also, the warmer plate does have 3 temp settings which is nice, and there is a brew-strength setting that isn't necessary but it's there if you like to waste your expensive coffee and not brew it thoroughly. If you want weaker coffee, use less coffee, good lord. Also, somebody in here said something about the coffee not being brewed hot enough. That's ridiculous. If that's going on, send it back and get another because it's not working right. Amazon's vendors have been stellar for us with their return policies and we have never been treated wrong. The carafe on this Hamilton Beach also is much sturdier than the Krups paper-thin versions, and as far as pouring, again folks, it's a carafe with a lip! Like all carafes with lips it's going to spill if you don't start the pour carefully. Not exactly rocket science, is it? For the $48 I paid for this Hamilton Beach coffee maker about 4 months ago, I now have a handsome, functional piece of equipment that makes THE most delicious coffee I have ever had from a homemade coffee maker, including Krups. I have a coffee maker with a super-simple adjustable alarm clock that is lit by a gorgeous soft blue light which I can read from 25 feet away, and without my glasses! I got this thing plugged in and couldn't stop staring at the display it was so gorgeous and easy to read! I love this piece of equipment like I've never loved any coffee maker. I love what it does, how it looks, and how simple and functional it is. The price is perfect. Around $50 dollars; not $20, but not $120, either. It's what it should be. Huge props to everyone at Hamilton Beach for nailing the coffee maker thing down! NICE JOB! And thank you Amazon for carrying this incredible piece of equipment! I shall never venture toward Krups, Mr. Coffee or any other brand again! Thank you!
