At $50, this portable washer does a good job of washing small loads of clothes. Basically, the Wonder Washer, WW02, is a motorized bucket. I've only had the Wonder Washer for about a week so I'll return to this review if it fails prematurely, i. e. less than a year. Even if the Wonder Washer only lasts a year, it'll pay for itself. I've also purchased a portable spin dryer that runs on 115v so the two should make good companions for a total price of $150. Before placing clothes into the WW to be washed, ensure that you fill the bucket no higher than .5" below the 10L mark. The clothes will absorb water and help keep the water level below the 10L mark. Before placing clothes into the WW to be rinsed (clothes already wet), ensure that you fill the bucket no higher than 1" below the 10L mark. If a user follows these suggestions, the spillage will be minimal or nonexistent. One of my suggestions for improvement would be adding a rubber seal around the lid as the lid tends to unlock from the vibration. Add detergent before placing the clothes in the WW and let them soak for a few minutes. Add fabric softener as necessary to the rinse cycle. Personally, I use only the gentle cycle for all clothes as it seems to emulate more closely the agitation of a normal washing machine. The gentle cycle spins for ~4+ seconds, then stops for ~3+ seconds, then reverses direction for ~4+ seconds, etc. Due to centrifugal forces, the water continues to move for at least 1 additional second after the motor stops. At most, the water is stagnant for ~1 second. The gentle cycle could be improved by running the motor for ~3 seconds followed by a ~1.5 second rest before reversing direction. Centrifugal forces would force movement of the water almost continuously with such as short cycle. The WW does a good job and I haven't seen any real destructive effects on my clothes yet, but I've only had the machine for a short period. Update: After more experience, this machine is a bit rough on clothes. After a few washings, I have a towel which has threads hanging from it. ;) Personally, I'd recommend using the Gentle cycle with brief wash and rinse cycles, i. e. ~ 5 minutes average. Clothes should be clean within that time frame. Heavily soiled clothes should probably be run at ~ 9 minutes wash and ~ 5 minutes rinse. YMMV. The WW02 is a good buy. To those people who insist that using a stick would be just as effective as the WW, I say nonsense.
