Easy, bubble free installation!  I can read outside without glare... slight decrease in crispness
Because the Kindle Fire display is chemically strengthened to be "30 times harder than plastic, making it extra durable and resistant to accidental bumps and scrapes", I was never concerned with using a screen protector on it. But, the screen has a lot of glare. Even when we use it in a sunny room indoors, sometimes the glare is unbearable. This Moshi iVisor is the matte version; anti-glare is not mentioned on the packaging. I assume the anti-glare mention on Amazon is because this is a matte screen protector which will naturally reduce glare. We have two Kindle Fires so I was able to compare the Fire with & without the Moshi iVisor. Installation:The Moshi iVisor was so simple to install!!! It took a couple minutes tops. First I cleaned my Fire screen which had some fingerprints, smudges &  some teeny tiny sticky spots which needed a damp cloth to remove. I didn't need to use the included microfiber cloth to clean the display screen. Then I followed the instructions for removing the screen protector from its packaging & proceeded to place it on the screen. I didn't need to press anything down; I didn't need to remove any bubbles... because there were none!!! Display:No glare whatsoever.  Smudges & fingerprints aren't noticeable anymore. The display is not quite as crisp while using the screen protector. I noticed it mostly when I was using the Fire to read books; changing the typeface to Caecilia on the Kindle app seemed to help. I also changed the line spacing to the medium one, increased the font size, & chose to use the white color mode. Now the very slight blur doesn't bother me.  Web pages & apps are clear too.  I took the Kindle Fire outside in the sun to test. I was able to read books using the Kindle app with no problems; I did not need to increase the screen brightness for any of these uses. (Brightness is currently set to approx 80%) However, I could also read on our 2nd Fire without a matte, anti-glare screen protector, but there was a LOT of glare. (this was not tested at the beach)Responsiveness:The Moshi iVisor does not hinder screen responsiveness. Reusable:I was happy to learn that this screen protector can be washed & reused. I thought that we would definitely be using this feature.  However, now that we've used the  Moshi iVisor matte screen protector for a few days, we don't intend on removing it.  Keep the packaging & back sticker for storage if you decide to remove the screen protector.5 stars
