3.5; Taking down a God with bare hands
When I played the first God of War, part of me thought that it was indeed impressive with the production values, the passion and care the developers took and it certainly had a very cinematic and epic feel but there were times where gameplay-wise it annoyed the hell out of me. Ditto with its sequel which wasn't more awful or greater than the original but it was just.... there. After recently purchasing a PSP, I figured why not tackle one of the handheld's heavy hitters. Well the same problems that plagued the others are still here and while many will outright love the game, I've noticed a lot to nitpick. Story: Taking place before the original, Kratos is helping Attica against the siege of the Persian army when a strange light is seen in the sky, covering the land in nighttime. Seems the god Helios is missing and the Greek god of dreams, Morpheus, has taken over and put the gods to sleep. So Kratos must once again save all of Greece. Graphics: The bigger brothers on the PS2 had some pretty fantastic visuals and that gets replicated on Sony's tiny handheld. While they're not up to the visual clarity as those, the sheer size and scale fits perfectly with the series and indeed, many of this looks like it's PS2-ready graphics. During in-game you get occasional pauses for disc loading but other than that, there's nary any fault with this. Sound/Music: Despite only playing 3 games so far (Tactics, Liberty City Stories and this), God of War was the first time that I tried headphones and the experience became more richer. The soundtrack, filled with big choir and orchestras, came to life and very much brought the game to the more cinematic feel it's doing and the voice acting was spot-on. Gameplay: A lot of what God of War did in its gameplay was combine platforming, action and puzzle solving fairly smoothly but what it did with it was my issue. For starters, the controls are intuitive and it's easy to grasp the various combos and such but rolling (L+R and the direction) feels sluggish and with combos to the L and special moves to the R, it can get annoying when you hit the wrong button. Then there's the timed-button presses like when you take down a baddie with either pressing the face buttons or rotating the analog a certain way. The analog ones were aggravating since the time alloted is kind of fast and using the nub felt strange and never felt comfortable enough to bring them down and occasionally got nailed. One big aspect of the game is puzzle solving and while I do like games like Ico or Legend of Zelda where you'd go "oohhhhh ok, yeah now I get it", when you find the solution here, sometimes its more accidental or you consult an FAQ and think "oh yeah, obviously I would've thought to do THAT". While it's nothing bad, sometimes solutions just feel too vague and aside from the occasional puzzle, I never solved a puzzle by figuring out but by just stumbling across the answer. Combat though is of course fun and while your favorite combos tend to get repeated a lot, it's still fun to stab and slash at all the baddies though the bigger ones took longer to bring down. As for its length, yes it its short but considering it's a prequel, the PSP's more "on-the-go" style and the amount of graphics and stuff, I'm surprised they even crammed this much. Some might disagree with me and plenty of reviews have said this is absolutely one of the best games on the PSP but while I certainly don't think it's the worst, some of my more personal nitpicks and criticisms bring it down a tad but if you want a solid adventure, you could rent this of course. Just being the black sheep and saying this isn't the second coming for the PSP.
