Stop looking
You can stop looking for a vacuum.  I've been married for 12 years and have a tendency to go through vacuum cleaners every two years.  If you're good at math, that means I've gone through about six.  Hoover, Eureka, etc. etc.  They have all cost between $150-200 and were terrible.  Plastic parts always breaking, going through bags every couple of weeks, you get the picture... When it was time to purchase vacuum #7, I decided to do some research and look at higher end vacuums.  Everything screamed Miele.  And boy, am I happy I bought it!  So here's my stats:- Three small children (ages 7, 5 and 3)- Two large dogs- 3 bedroom house- 2,000 sq ft- Wood & tile floorsThis quiet little companion follows me around and takes no prisoners.  It is the most powerful vacuum I've ever owned.  It's ridiculous how quiet it is compared to the suction it provides.  If it is possible to love a vacuum, I am in love.  I actually *enjoy* vacuuming!  Because of pet hair and small children, I vacuum every other day (sometimes more frequently, thanks to the genius that decided to install WHITE tile in the house I live in).  It does not feel like a chore with this machine, and that's because it does such a spectacular job. Some things to keep in mind that aren't obvious when looking at the different Miele models:* The S2 has a bigger bag.  I read a few reviews complaining about the cost of these bags ($20 for 4) but I've had my vacuum for over 6 months and haven't had to change a bag yet (please re-read my stats above and you will see how shocking that is)* Yes, the cord is too short.  My only gripe.  Either buy an extension cord handy, or replug in different rooms.* Unless you have plush carpeting (think 1970's green) you don't need the power accessories.  Buy this *simpler* less expensive (but not less powerful) model, and test it out.  You can always buy accessories if you need them.  I haven't needed them and probably won't in the future. If a vacuum cleaner can change how you view vacuuming, this is the machine to do it.  Yes, the reviews are true, and it is not over-hyped.
