Great camera, if not a bit awkward to handle
Please Note:  I am reviewing this product only, not Amazon or the sellers service as it was received as a gift and purchased elsewhere.  Also, I am not a professional photographer or shutterbug, and this camera is reviewed based off the use as a casual user.  As such I am not totally familiar with what other products or features are available in the market. Overall this is a great camera.  I have the metallic green finish which does not seem to be offered on Amazon (there are about 6 colors this camera comes in), and it looks amazing.  This is a very simple camera to use for just point and shoot activity and has some great "hidden" features as well.  By hidden I mean they are menu-accessible and you dont have to learn what 75 different hard buttons do to operate your camera. First off I absolutely LOVE that it has a true optical lens with actual optical zoom.  The hidden flash is great for keeping the profile of the camera sleek until the flash is actually needed.  The included (and VERY necessary) lens cap is great and well engineered.  It reminds me of my grandmother's Canon (film) camera with the push button sides to release the cap.  All the hardware aspects of the camera are great and feel well-made.  The lens assemly is all glass (I think!) and metal, giving it the look and feel of a higher-end camera.  The upper thumbwheel is reminiscent of older cameras and really makes switching modes easy, as well as protecting the power slider to prevent accidental turn ons/offs.  The zoom toggle is perfectly placed for your finger and the shutter button (doubling as a focus) is flush-mounted so you dont accidentally change the zoom on your shot while taking the picture. There is no wrist strap for this camera, but rather it comes with a full neck strap which is great as it allows you to actually let go of the camera should you need both hands to do something between shots.  I wish there was some sort of screen protection though, since I'm afraid of letting the large screen rest against my chest if I have a jacket with buttons on or a metal zipper.  The strap and lens cover (attached via lanyard) do tend to get in the way if you're shooting down (say, to get a picture of your dog) as they will fall into the shot if you're not wearing them around your neck.  In that respect its a bit of extra work to just simply snap a photo with the straps attached.  It would have been nice to have a quick release for the straps since you have to thread them through the hard mounts on the camera... not a big deal though and I wouldnt expect it from a camera in this price range. As far as photos and videos go this camera is great!  I have had "good" digital cameras and this camera beats them hands down.  I like the large screen on the back of the camera as it gives a great view of your shot and a great playback to see if your previous shot came out well.  Having said that this camera also allows you to bypass the normal "wait period" between shots as its preparing a preview.  You can snap pictures one after the other without waiting for the image to appear on the screen.  Essentially you're shooting blind after the first shot but it's still a nice feature.  I find it very useful since the shots seem to be VERY sensitive to movement (of the subject not shaking photographer hands) so when taking photos of something organic (again, my dog), I take about 6 shots all at once and between 1 and 3 usually come out with little to no blur from movement.  Videos come out great with equally crisp audio, and the audio playback off the camera is also pretty good (sounds much better when played off a TV or computer though).  Video mode is very easy to access with its own hard button on the back, rather than having to switch modes in a menu like some cameras. The only thing keeping this item from getting 5 stars is the total lack of a left hand grip.  There is no comfortable place to grab the camera on the left as the case is pretty seamlessly blended in with the lens housing on that side.  The right side has one of the best and most secure grips I have used in any digital camera, but this is really a two-hander (it's much bigger and heavier than a little slimline camera).  I would also like to view my pictures without having to have the lens cap off but to operate any function of the camera it has to be fully "on", which means the lens is popped out a bit.  It is a great feature that the camera wont turn on with the cap on, thereby eliminating the risk of damaging the lens telescoping mechanism. Please be aware that this is NOT a pocket camera.  You will need a camera bag like you used to have before tiny digital cameras were everywhere!  I would take the extra heft of this camera for just for the zoom capabilities alone... getting excellent pictures out of it is an added bonus.  So far, power consumption is far less than I expected for something with large moving parts and such a large screen.  With close to 200 pictures (about 25 with flash) and about 15 minutes of video I have yet to notice a change in the on-screen battery meter with the same set of batteries (uses 4 AAs)If you are looking for a small tag-along camera this is probably not a good choice, but if you'd like a camera that can take some real nice or far-away shots this is a great choice.  Just remember you're trading some convenience for added performance
