An enjoyable camera to use
The P7700 is an excellent choice for an enthusiast compact. Especially if you're in the market for one with a longer lens. The camera has excellent image quality at lower ISOs thanks in part to its sharp F2-F4 28-200mm lens. If you are considering upgrading from the P7000 or P7100, I can easily say that there is a noticeable improvement in image quality over its predecessors. Color rendition is accurate. The camera has a slight tendency to overexpose but not as bad some others in this class that I have seen. And of course, you have your exposure compensation as a physical dial right on top of the camera so you can correct whatever exposure issues you have in a split second. The camera takes generally clean shots up to ISO400 with a little noise starting appear at ISO800 and even a little a more at ISO1600. But even at ISO1600, careful processing of the RAW files will give you some decent results. The camera is very comfortable to hold and shoot with. With all dials and buttons logically placed for easy access. The build quality is pretty good. The articulated LCD is sharp and works well even in bright sunlight (one oddity is that when the LCD is closed with the screen facing in towards the camera, the camera will not turn. You have to open up the LCD first in order to power the camera on). The battery life is excellent. It also of course, continues to offer a Neutral Density filter which can cut the light by 3 stops in bright conditions. Compared to other cameras in its class, the P7700 is kind of a porker. It's not very pocketable. Another thing to note is the addition of a lens cap on this model.. annoying and unfortunate that they couldn't have used a built-in lens cover like the Canon G15 uses. As far the menu system goes, you have a quick menu accessible via a button on the left side of the camera which accesses the most commonly-used shooting settings and then the regular menu for everything else. It's not a bad setup but maybe not as intuitive as it could be. As far as performance goes, the camera is not the fastest around but it's not terrible either. It's autofocus system is reliable on locking on but can be a little sluggish in low light. In bright light it works pretty good. The write times to the SD card can be a little slow when shooting in RAW, so it's important to use a rather fast card (I use a Class 10 SanDisk)to help speed up the writing times. So this camera is not especially great for action shooting but none of the enthusiast compacts really are (except for maybe the Panasonic LX7). As far as video is concerned, I am primarily a still shooter so I don't do much video shooting. But I shot a short clip to test it out and the video looks pretty good. You don't have a lot of manual options though. So if you're a serious videographer, you might look at other models first. There are those folks that will say "why should I buy this camera when I can get an APS-C or Micro 4/3rds camera at the same price?". While there is some validity to that argument, you are not going to find a Micro 4/3rds or APS-C camera in this price range with a lens like this one has. It really boils down to whether you see yourself spending additional money on lens upgrades or not. And this point could be made for all enthusiast compacts, not just the P7700. Overall, the P7700 is a very nice camera. Its shooting performance is a little on the mediocre side but still decent enough to the point where it shouldn't be a detractor from buying this camera, it produces excellent image quality, has a great and very versatile lens, is comfortable to shoot with, and has excellent battery life. It's a great choice if you're considering an alternative to a DSLR and don't do a lot of critical low-light work, also for someone learning photography, and of course for pros looking for a light-weight back up. Highly reccommended.
