Why would you NOT buy this lens?
I can only think of two reasons to NOT buy this lens:1. You do not own a Canon DSLR2. You own a Canon DSLR, but you (foolishly) spent the extra money and have the f1.4 or the f1.2 version of this lens. Eighty-five bucks!  You might spend that much on the new SDHC cards you'll need for your Canon DSLR! The other reviewers give a full and excellent overview of the qualities and limitations of this lens.  I'll echo the following points:- It is NOT EXPENSIVE!- It is really fast!  f1.8 is a whole new UNIVERSE if you are coming from ANY point-and-shoot!  (And the extra speed when you go to f1.4 or f1.2 is pretty much meaningless.)- In the APCS-C world, this lens is a REALLY COOL portrait lens.  You gotta use this lens for taking pictures of babies, children, friends, parents, presidents, uncles, aunts, grandparents, corpses, pets, flowers, the North Star, etc.- While the f1.8 setting is (really) soft, you stop it down a little and you have a superb lens!  Try this: Stop it down to f22, put it on a tripod and take a picture of any still-life scene (flowers, Channukah candles, Christmas trees, your neighbor's I-want-you-to-be-able-to-read-by-the-strands-of-light-that-outline-my house, any city street).  You'll love the results.- One oddity.  I am used to having a UV filter on my lenses all the time.  This does not work very well on this lens, especially on these tripod pictures like city streets--there are some bad internal reflections of the bright spots. Did I say that you gotta have this lens?  Yeah. Update 5/2013: My opinion has changed somewhat on this lens.  The auto-focus is not reliable.  I did an impromptu group shot during a group picnic at work, and NONE (I repeat, none) of the pictures focused.  I took like 15 pictures.  I was shocked!  I really cannot figure out why this happened--it focused OK for me before and after this event.  Then I looked up some respectable reviewers online and saw one who measured the auto-focus miss-rate of this lens to be as high as 40%.  Wow!  I sold this lens on eBay and then bought the EF 50mm f/1.4, which is awesome (much sharper at f/1.8, and you can open it up to f/1.4!) and (despite my opening salvo here) is worth the extra money to me.  But, for the beginner who needs to be careful of money, buying this (f/1.8) lens for ~$120 is still quite attractive at about $220 less than the f/1.4.  Just be aware that the auto-focus cannot be relied upon in critical situations.
