Works Perfectly with MacBook Pro 15"
I was always a big fan of the Griffin iCurve, which held my laptops up high and in style. Unfortunately, after about five years, both of my iCurves had given out (understandably). They just couldn't hold onto the computer anymore, and no matter how well I cleaned them, my computer would always slowly slide off. With my good experience with Griffin products, naturally I wanted to replace my iCurves with Griffin. Griffin didn't sell the iCurve anymore, but instead had a replacement called the "Elevator Laptop Stand." I (foolishly) didn't read the reviews and assumed it would be just as good as the old iCurves, and so bought two of them. Boy was I wrong. When I got my Elevators, I opened up the first one, set it down on my desk and set my MacBook Pro 15" on top of it. That computer slid off the stand and onto the floor so quickly you'd think it had been greased up in preparation. Thankfully, no damage to the computer. I tried cleaning the Elevator with no change in functionality. So I immediately packaged them back up and sent them back to Amazon. After much looking around and reading of reviews, I cautiously purchased the (more expensive) mStand by rain Design. I got just one of them this time, to try it out and make sure it would work well. It holds my computer very securely thanks to the small, unobtrusive lip on the bottom. This lip has a very convenient and well-designed hole in the middle through which you can reach to press the release button and open your notebook. There is also a nice cable-organizing hole in the back of the stand to help keep your desk in order. As if the functionality wasn't already perfect, the brushed aluminum finish matches my computer perfectly, and still looks good beside other Apple computers such as the MacBook and iBook. If you need to keep your screen at a healthy height and don't want to risk if falling on the floor, this is the laptop stand for you. I will certainly be looking into other rain products soon (and purchasing a second mStand).
