good
3 starsThis was about 2 people in the middle of personal criss who don't have a good first impression and then they have a lot of sex fast. They are interesting characters mainly just the two of them and their dogs. The plot is good but way too much sex scenes. I really like Oliver. He found out his wife of six years has been having affair for almost all of it. He has gone to take care of empting a house is aunt left him and his brother. He plays the guitar and mixes sound at recording studio that he co-owns. He believes in being faithful and really good guy. He has a 18 month old puppy. Mackenzie has moved to her beach house so she can be alone and get back in shape faster. She was in a bad accident and is lucky to be alive let alone walking again. She has a long road in front of her still to go. She is worried about being able to keep her job. She produces a soap opera. She is pushing her body to hard. She has a cute dog too. Oliver goes next door to say he is staying in his aunt's house to take care of getting it ready to sell it. He doesn't want the only close neighbor to freak when seeing lights after a year of no one living their. Mackenzie has just finshed pushing herself too hard on physical therapy. She is about ready to throw up and needs to lie down when she has Oliver knock. Mackenzie is rude and slams door on him as she runs for bathroom but doesn't make it before throwing up. After her dog escapes her yard twice Oliver brings him back over and suggests they talk about fixing the fence. Her phones starts ringing and its her boss that she has been trying to get a hold of for days and slams door on Oliver again. That night rain comes down hard and almost gets into her house she tries to clear drain and cant and tries to sweep water away from her house. Oliver sees her out in the storm trying to save her house. Comes out to help her in middle of night. He is able to get the drain open and helps her sweep water away from house. Showing how nice he is to help someone who was rude too him twice. They start a better relationship both leaning on each other after hard phone calls. I like that they both are helping each other but than they fall into having sex . The dogs are a big part of the story too. Mackenzie has Mr. Smith and Oliver has a girl dog Strudel. I like them a lot. I was given this ebook and asked to give honest review of it when finshed by Netgalley. Published January 2nd 2013 by Harlequin Super Romance 304 pages ISBN: 0373718241
