XS makes a fine purse
I bought this in size XS to replace a worn out Eddie Bauer messenger-type purse (lasted about 6 years).  This is heavier than the Eddie Bauer due to the heavier fabric and the waterproofing. Overall volume is about the same, but distributed differently. I am having a hard time writing an unbiased review due to the fact that I keep comparing it to my Eddie Bauer.  This bag strikes me as very durable.  I like the pockets, although I don't think they are as useful as they seem - I don't think you can use all of them at the same time due to volume limitations.  They seem more like options - you can use this zippered pocket INSTEAD of the stacking pockets behind it - you choose - not so much a case of using the pockets at the same time.  I definitely wanted a replacement that had some small organization pockets for things like my mobile phone.  I love the "Napoleon" pocket!  Very handy.  The divided pocket in the back will keep my kindle or book tidy and out of the way of the main pocket. As stated - the strap is incredibly short.  Way too short.  It is just barely long enough for me to use as a purse with the strap across my body and I only stand 4'11".  Taller people would be wearing this in their armpit.  I think if you really use it as a messenger bag while biking, that might be okay, because you would presumably swing it up high on your back.  I removed the extra fastener to give myself a little more strap length and because it was just in my way.  If I were taller, I would have to buy some strap material and stitch some extra length on this. I'm still adjusting to the different dimensions - this is wider with a shallower depth than my EB, but about the same height - but it seems good enough for my needs.  My old bag could easily hold an extra t-shirt or a water bottle.  I'm not sure how well this would manage that AND a book AND my sunglass case AND my wallet AND... but I think it is just a matter of adjusting to a wider&shallower bag.  (Please remember - I mean shallow front to back, not top to bottom)I think I'll like the shoulder strap wrap - it will keep the strap from cutting into the side of my neck. I also think I'll find some velcro strips to cover the velcro on this.  My EB bag only had velcro and it was always getting caught on my mittens, scarves and sweaters!  I like the fact that this bag has buckles. I agree with other reviewers - the gaping sides will allow fluid in.  If they incorporated elastic (or an adjustable drawstring if worried elastic would too easily fail) that might be an efficient solution to the problem.  For those who live in wet climates - you'll want to jury-rig some way of closing that gap - maybe a binder clip?
