Great battery for those days when you need a lot of power.
As a dedicated iPhone user, I often find myself coming up  against battery limitations.  Over the  years I have amassed a sizable  collection of external batteries in my search  for the perfect one.  The latest addition to my collection is the iCarrier.  I was drawn to this model because of the capacity - I was hoping for something that could handle charging multiple devices as necessary without having to be recharged in between.  I also wanted the option to charge multiple devices at once, in case we were out somewhere and the kids electronic babysitters were to run out of juice.  I had just purchased the NT52D and the NT600C, and I wanted to see how this one worked compared to the other two. Straight out of the box, I was happy to note that this charger came with a cord.  I have a couple of models that didn't come with a wall adaptor and I find this to be a  big plus.  The size is a little bigger than the others, but this one has twice the capacity of my next biggest contender. I started off by giving this a full charge overnight and then used it to charge my iPhone 4S for several days.  I was able to get close to seven full charges off of one charge.  The next test was with my third generation iPad.  My battery was at 25% when I started the evening kid run, and when I came home - aprox 4 hours later - it was completely charged.  This was impressive - but it was time for the ultimate test - where other external batteries have failed before - Disneyland…. As a Disneyland passholder, I've come to appreciate some of the finer nuances of the park - like the fact that AT&T signal is spotty at best, and attempting to connect to the network will drain your battery down to nothing.  This trip lived up to  expectations.  I personally love to share pictures immediately so I can tag the location, but I don't usually post while  at Disneyland because of the power issues.  True to form, my phone was down to 19% within 2 hours and I had to start the first charge.  It was back to 100% within an hour, even with taking and posting pictures (and multiple failed  attempts to connect along the way).  A  couple hours later, it required a second and then a third charge.  We made it through the day, and the iCarrier was still at medium. In addition, I like  to travel light, but the size and weight was not cumbersome at all.  I think I've found my new go-to power pack for Disneyland and Comic-Con and any other event where I may need to recharge multiple times in one day.  I'm very impressed with the  capacity and the design of this model.  The only improvements I would suggest is having an indicator that is a little more descriptive than Low, Medium and High as medium can encompass a large range.
