Decent camera for a very decent price.
I was attracted to this camera for the ability to change a lot of the settings manually, and after reading through the manual (which I did have to print out and carry with me for the first few outings) and a little practice I was content with the purchase.  It will function well as an automatic point-and-shoot-style camera (albeit one a bit bigger than is necessary), plus you can use it to learn all about photography settings in a hands-on manner.  The zoom is quite good for this level of camera.  Best of all, Amazon had a great deal on it, so I didn't feel like I was throwing away money just to play around with manual settings. The picture quality is as good as my older Canon point-and-shoot, and interfaced as a PnP device with iPhoto on first try. The caveat to buying this camera is that it is a cheap camera.  I've had it freeze up on me twice in a month of use (about 500 photos in that month).  I removed and replaced the batteries and it reset just fine, but I wasn't expecting freezes in the first week of use.  The shutter delay/lag is also pretty bad.  I took this out to a few of my kid's tee ball/coach pitch games to test out the zoom and shutter speed settings, and missed most of the action that I intended to get.  Even anticipating where things were going to be, I had a lot of difficulty getting the ball in the shot.  I had many shots with just a cleated foot at the edge of a bunch of diamond dirt.  I turned off the image stabilization function and didn't see any difference in the lag time (or, really, the crispness of the resulting photo).  The shutter delay seemed to be independent of most of the AF, stabilization, shutter speed, and aperture settings -- I was always at least a second or two behind what was going on.  It is fairly misleading, too, since the image initially frozen on the LCD screen at shutter press is not necessarily the image that is saved to disk. That said, if I wasn't trying to capture anything fast-moving, this is a perfectly fine camera for around a hundred bucks.  When my kids are standing still (which does happen occasionally, and sometimes even on request), the photos are just fine. The flash worked as expected, and indoor shots came out fine on auto settings and when using the right manual aperture/speed settings.  On auto-mode, it seems to do it's job, and the manual setting options let you learn all about controlling the various aspects of photography without needing a 3 thousand dollar DSLR setup.  I could zoom in at the ball fields and capture kids' expressions while out standing in the field, I just didn't get any action shots of them hitting or fielding the ball...
