I had this exact coffee maker purchased in 2005 and it finally broke a few weeks ago. (Note: this may have been my fault, apparently you are supposed to clean it by running vinegar and water through the system, I have often run baking soda and water through it. Not sure if this was to blame or not). Either way, I thought 7 years was pretty impressive for a tiny coffee maker like this one, so I decided to stick with the Mr. Coffee brand. I read a number of reviews of many different makers though, and even considered getting a french press or something fancier. But at the end of the day, I liked the simplicity, ease of use, and reliability of this coffeemaker. Sometimes I wish it had a timer function but really it takes about 5 minutes to brew a full pot (4 cups) so if I prep it the night before, I just flip the switch in the morning and I have coffee in no time! I ordered the black one instead of the white this time, which I'm glad I did. The black is very nice looking, whereas the white version was taking on some brownish stains from the years of use. All around, this is a solid, reliable, great coffee maker that does a pretty darn good job of making a cup of coffee. I'm not a connoisseur or anything, but I do like good coffee (no Foldgers, please). If I bring home some decently roasted beans, I think that the coffee I make with this is just as good as coffee I get from coffee shops around town. Some people were complaining about the coffee spilling when you pour it, just use your thumb to lift the lid while pouring. That's what the little tab that sticks out over the handle is for!  If you don't use that, then yes, it will spill. I'm very satisfied with it though, its makes just the right amount (2 full mugs) for my boyfriend and I. Highly Recommended!!! P. s. My only complaint: I ordered this on a Saturday evening (7pm) from Amazon Prime and didn't receive it til Wednesday early afternoon. The one time I really needed the 2 day shipping it didn't come through for me. Oh well, I was still ecstatic when I got it!
