Thumbs Up for the H90 and a Comparison to the S105
As with all my reviews I will start off with the compact version giving the quick tid-bits necessary to make a decision without needing to read the whole review. The full list of all the thought I have come up with on the primary points will be listed in the next section and wrapped up with an overview. This is from the perspective of a former Professional Photographer so it may go over some people's heads. Read it till the end if possible. Packaging:I purchased this camera used so I cannot give a review on the packaging. Positive:Price is king and this camera not only works but has features I wouldn't expect of something in this price range. Resolution is great. Lens goes to f/3.3 (remember the price). Manual modeSupport for Memory Stick Pro-Duo and SDSolid buildIt's a Sony! Negative:One Frame Per Second, probably due to cheap buffer memoryManual controls are clunkyNo RAWNeutral:Charger is white? Impressions:For a budget, current generation, camera I don't think the H90 can be beat. Simple as that. The initial introduction price at $250 was far to expensive but now that it's fallen to $150, that is more than fair for this piece of technology. I will be comparing this to the Canon S105 which is not fair to do, but I just want to put the differences between being able to buy two of these for the price of one S105. If I use terminology that is unfamiliar, please Google the term so I don't make this review too much of a study guide. The S105 has an f/2.0 lens compared to the H90 which is f/3.3, at minimum zoom, and both increase to f/5.9 at maximum zoom which is x5 for the S105 and x16 for the H90. This means the S105 is much better at low light than the H90. I don't personally use zoom but if you do like zoom, then the H90 has a the upper hand. I have not personally pixel peeped the comparison of the lenses of both cameras but I'd bet pretty good money that the S105 has much better clarity and consistency than the H90. The S105 also shoots in RAW, a file type that stores the image in a form that is more readily edited on the computer. The S105 also has 1080P while the H90 only has 720P. But the H90 shoots at 16.1MP resolution compared to the 12.1MP on the S105. I've blown up the review above with technical terms to make a clear distinction. If you as a consumer, didn't understand what I was talking about, just buy the H90 and use the extra money on a good tripod, case, and extra SD cards (always have 2 or 3, always, they do break... Or get lost... Or forgotten). If you're the inquisitive type and start to do research about what I talked about then you may choose to go with the S105. If you have oodles of money and just want the best point and shoot, get the S105. But no matter what, realize that in a camera, megapixels are not everything. Light is passing through a piece of glass and hitting "film" that is the same size on both these cameras and  getting a camera with more MP does not automatically mean a better picture. The H90 is meant to be a cheap camera that has some great features for people who don't want or need the best. Conclusion:I've gotten many compliments about my photos with this camera, no one knows it's a point-and-shoot, it is very good for the price. If you don't use the pictures from this camera to print 8x10s, no one will be able to tell the difference between a picture from this or the S105 or even a multiple thousand dollar camera in most cases (not including low-light, no flash). There is a National Geographic *cover* from the early 2000s that was shot are around 4-6MP. If you're on a budget, get it.
