Works with GT-P5113 Samsung Tab 2!
The primary reason for buying this extra capacity SanDisk Ultra 64 GB microSDXC Class 10  card was to use it in Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 (10.1-Inch Model GT-P5113)  and I am happy to share that you can get this to work flawlessly after some initial glitches. (Read below)Firstly you need to be aware that the Samsung Tablet Model GT-P5113 currently runs with Android OS 4.1.1 with Kernel 3.0.31-523998 and Build number JRO03C. P5113UECLK7.(Jelly Bean) My experiences shared here are with that level of Android OS your experiences may vary depending on what version of OS you are running. The SanDisk Ultra 64 GB microSDXC card purchased from Amazon (Retail Packaging) gets recognized just fine however when the tablet's Media Device A. K. A 'MTP' application attempts to talk your PC via USB cable the Tablet simply reboots! and after that the card is presented to the PC. - Really strange indeed! This baffled me for couple of hours. Firstly, I attempted to format the card (exFAT) in PC and it formatted just fine. After that I attempted to use it in the tablet to see the same behavioral oddity of instantaneous reboot of the tablet as 'MTP' application tries to communicate with the PC. This made me investigate the issue further and I determined the root cause was the fact that SANDISK now seen to factory format the card with 'exFAT' but also somehow seen to include an 'offset' of 16MB at the beginning of the card which shows up as 16MB unallocated region in the initial sectors on this card under windows disk management tool. The solution is to get rid of that 'unallocated' 16MB partition on the card. You could do it in PC but that might require some windows command line experience and using 'diskpart' utility and what not and I do not want to confuse people here with that process. For most novice users The process should be very simple, Just insert the card on the tablet and use the 'native' SD Card format tool under 'settings' that Android OS 4.1.1 has and it will get rid of that 16MB partition and happily remount it. Now after this simple process the 'MTP' application works just fine with PC to transfer files to the SD card without any strange reboot phenomenon. Not sure why SANDISK formats their Class 10 card in this fashion (They never did it with their class 6 cards earlier) and there's gotta be some technical explanation for why they include that 16MB partition that only SANDISK can give. In the end if you reformat the card in the tablet (Which defaults to exFAT) the card is seen to work just fine. Bottomline:-----------This is an awesome 64GB capacity MicroSD card from a reputed manufacturer for budget minded people and gets the job done beautifully. The read and write speeds are adequate enough for most Audio,Video & picture file formats in a tablet. The glitch mentioned above forced me to give *Four* stars instead of *Five* stars but let that not stop you from making a decision to buy it. Highly recommended! Cheers!
