Incredible. One of the best novels I've read this year
Hyperion is like a mix between a short-story collection and a MASSIVE prologue. Don't go into this one seeking any real conclusion, really Hyperion is a setup for the next book in the series, Fall of Hyperion. However, don't let this keep you from reading this excellent book. Some of the stories in this book are the greatest I've read to date. Earth has gone to ruin because of an event called the "Big Mistake", which happened when scientists were studying farcaster portals. A farcaster portal allows you to travel instantaneously to another portal whether it's in a different city, or an entirely different planet. Farcasters (and most other technology) are controlled by the TechnoCore, which is more or less an incredibly advanced AI. Humans are at war with the Ousters (who are also humans, but have adapted to zero-gravity). The Ousters don't really agree with the TechnoCore. The ousters are obsessed with a planet called Hyperion, which is where a mysterious creature called The Shrike lives, as well as the mysterious Time Tombs, which are moving backwards in time. A war of massive scope is about to take place and in the midst of all this we have a group of seven people who all have something in common; each of them harbors a personal secret and they are all connected to the Shrike in some way. Each person has a wish that they will ask of the Shrike and only one will have their wish granted. To muddy things up even further, one of the pilgrams is secretly an ouster. Each person has a story that they will tell while on this journey and that's what this book is, their stories. Hyperion contains some of the greatest stories I've read thus far. The priests tale is absolutely incredible. There are many times when I read a book and think 'this is just a novelette turned into a fluff-filled novel' but this is one of the rare instances where I feel that the story was too short! I could have read a full blown novel about the priests' tale, just incredible. It's unfortunate that most of the other stories don't quite live up to the priest's tale (though the Scholars tale is also amazing). Still though, even the weakest tale is quite a bit better than most other short stories I've read. The Tethys River and the poets' mansion are some of the coolest ideas I've read about! Dan Simmons is an incredible author. His ideas are great and for the most part his execution is spot-on. There were a few instances where I felt bogged down, but overall I found his writing to be well above par. I give this book an optimistic 4.5 (rounded up to 5 for Amazon).
