good phone for a good price
I ordered the Star N8000 from lolbuy on Nov.15 and recieved it in the mail on Nov.23. The phone says its 5" but its really 5.3". There is no case for this phone so i ordered 2 GALAXY NOTE N7000/19220 cases from amazon one hard case and one silicone case to see how they would fit. For the hard case just type in (White and Hot Pink Dual layer hybrid cover case and kickstand for samsung galaxy note N7000/19220 $3.62). For soft case I ordered(Pink cassette tape silicone case for galaxy note n7000/19220 $3.80). The hybrid case fits my phone pretty good but the case covers up the power on button and volume key which is fine cause I just press the middle button to turn my phone on and i never really use the volume button. I can charge my phone up fine and take pics using back camera with case on so thats all that matters to me. The silicone case fits good too you can easily press volume and power on button. I am with tmobile prepaid $30 100min unlimited text and web plan I downloaded skype and pay $3/month for unlimted talk thats my way of getting around the 100min tmbobile gives so I only pay $33/month and pretty much have unlimited everythang. Put sim card in and it works pretty good. I like this phone because it is compatible with tmobile,att,straight talk,and simple mobile. So if you get tired of one company you can just buy a sim card for a different company and pop sim in phone after activating. what I like most about this phone is that it has video wallpaper, so you can set any video on your sd card as your wallpaper. You can use this phone as hotspot. Volume is very loud when playing movies. You can easily sinc movies/music from computer to phone using usb cord, some phones wont do that. The camera and camcorder isnt that good but it'll do if you're around alot of light. All apps I downloaded so far seem to work like facebook, youtube,angry birds, temple run etc... The phone works pretty fast when on the web without wifi although youtube runs very slow but thats because I only get 2g speed with my tmobile plan but works very fast with wifi. Also if you want phone in white after you order the phone just go to contact this seller under myaccount and tel them you want phone in white in the email and they will send you a white one thats what I did. I would definately recommend this phone for the size and price you cant beat that. I love my phone thanks DANIEL CHEN
