I wish it came with the MP3 cord, but a good price anyway.  PLAYS VIDEOS!
My family has used Tracfone for years and this is the 7th phone we've bought.  This was a replacement for my old phone which after 5 years finally died.  This was my FIRST Tracfone bought somewhere other than the Tracfone website and I will probably be doing this in this in the future as it seems to be the cheaper option. I was able to transfer my old phone number and minutes with ease through the website and the process was pretty painless. The phone itself is the nicest one by far we've ever gotten.  Camera, MP3 player, games, web access, memo pad, calendar, alarms, touch screen... it seems to have everything I'd need and mostly stuff I'll probably never use but I'm still annoyed that it touts having the MP3 player but you have to buy the SD card and cord separately for it to be of use.  I have purchased those but they have not yet arrived so I can't say if that feature is any good or not. The thing I like best about this phone was that adding contacts was so much easier with the "handwriting" option rather than using the keypad.  I could use my finger and I got some measure of accuracy but using a toothpick I was able to just write in all my contact names and numbers in no time at all.  It was just awesome.  I imagine there has got to be a stylus somewhere for sale for this phone you can buy separately.  I'll probably stick to my toothpick which is free and handy. The phone menu is a vastly different set up than anything I had previously but it didn't take too long to get used to and now I feel pretty comfortable with it.  Tracfones are always very simple to use, and that is somewhat appealing to me, I don't have to spend hours to familiarize myself with them.  They get the job done efficiently and cheaply.  This phone though looks more complicated than it is.  Fool your friends into thinking you have an expensive cell plan!  Then laugh as you have loads more money at the end of the month! EDIT - I have since began using the MP3 feature and I love it.  It works so well and I have since stopped using my old MP3 player even though the sound quality on it was better.  This is just so much more convenient because it is also my phone. I have also figured out how to disable the "lock screen" that comes up automatically on the phone.  That was so annoying to me.  So now my phone is just the way I like it. EDIT - I have also discovered you can convert your videos to GP3 format and load them on this phone and play videos.  This is a lifesaver for me because I don't like my <2 year old son to play with my more expensive Sony media player or my Galaxy Tablets, so I can just give him my inexpensive phone and load a video and he's happy.  I am seriously considering just buying another phone just for him for the purposes of a cheap video player only...  Not sure if you can use the phone for video if you don't buy service time though - I'll have to investigate further.
