Fun game with too many problems!
I really wanted to like this game, but the problems I've had with it in just three days have destroyed any enjoyment I derived from it.  At first, I was really excited about it, and even made two in-app purchases of bits so I could speed things up. The second purchase of bits is when the problems started.  After spending $19.99 on a Bucket of Bits... it never showed up in the app.  I waited 12 hours, rebooted and re-synced my Kindle, and basically did everything short of uninstalling and re-installing the app to make the purchased bits show up.  Nothing worked.  I finally had to call Amazon customer support.  They were very helpful, and refunded my money and helped me re-purchase the Bucket of Bits, waiting on the phone with me to make sure they showed up in the app this time.  It did, and I thought my problems were solved.  I made it to level 29, and socially connected to friends through Gameloft to exchange gifts in-game. And then, in the middle of playing, the game crashed. It wouldn't load, no matter what I did, and again, I tried everything.  Holding the power button for 20 seconds before rebooting.  Clearing the app cache.  I contacted Gameloft support.  Nothing worked.  The only way to continue playing was to uninstall and re-install the app. I lost everything.  My levels, my progress, my in-app purchases.  Amazon customer support once again helped, and refunded the money I spent on my now completely lost in-app purchases, but to play again I had to start completely from scratch.  The game still recognized my Gameloft ID and welcomed me whenever I started the game, but apparently it couldn't retrieve my progress. And then, the icing on the cake.  All my Gameloft friends that I had connected to in my previous game?  Lost.  I couldn't connect to them, and they couldn't connect to me.  We didn't even show up in each others' Gameloft Friends list in the game any more.  We're STILL trying to figure out how to fix this latest problem.  We're friends on the Gameloft site, but not in MLP!  To say that, at this point, I am overflowing with irritation is quite the understatement. Play this game and invest your precious time and/or money at your own risk.
