Excellent, not not quite perfect
I received this as a gift last week, and decided to make a long review of my new toy. I have owned only one other tablet before, the iPad 2, and I'll simply consider that the baseline for my comparisons simply because of the mas popularity and exposure it has, since many people seeking a tablet have either used a friend's iPad, or tested out a demo at stores such as best buy. Build:The build on the kindle is decent. The build is one of my only dislikes on this tablet, which I consider a minor problem, only that the missing function is quite a majoring to me: volume rockers. Comparing To tablets such as the iPad, the lack of volume rockers is a huge deal, as this means I cannot quickly change the volume of media quickly, without having to go to the notification bar-like thing and change it on-screen. The build otherwise is great. The screen seems to attract fingerprints, but I'll just buy a anti-fingerprint screen protector. It seems sturdy, and a little heavy for its size as well. While some would think the extra weight is bad, I feel like it is higher quality and less likely to break when it weighs more. Screen/Audio Quality:The screen quality is actually pretty good considering this is only a $200 tablet. There are better screens of course, but you definitely can't complain with it. Watching movies is pretty good, and since that is one of the main things I do on this tablet I wish it was better, but for the $200 price tag I can't complain. While unfortunately not all movies you can buy from Amazon's store are hd, the ones that are look amazing. I've seen movies in 720p, and they unless you are a super critic, you shouldn't need a better screen. It is sharp, crisp, and nice enough for me to say that overall with all the features, this might be able to overtake the iPad mini. The audio quality isn't great, but again you wouldn't notice unless you are an audiophile. The quality of the speakers though, is not great at all. While using earphones the quality just sounds a little below average but using the speakers is almost bad. I can't say straight up bad because it could be much worse and perhaps I am just spoiled from my iPad with high quality earphones, but if you are a big music person this might not be for you. I'm sure there are dsp add-ons for music apps that can increase the quality, but I have yet to come across some. Operating System/Performance:Overall the performance is excellent. It is smooth and fast no matter what I am doing. I have only experienced some lag once, after over 50 hour of usage since I got it last week. The WiFi seems much faster compared to the iPad, but it might be because of Amazon's simplified browser called "Silk." The operating system or OS can use some work. Android has always been known for it being so much more customizable than Apple OS, but the custom Kindle Fire OS seems dulled down and too simplified. There is adding widgets, no custom lock screens, and no changing wallpapers. While I personally don't care too much about these features, some die hard Android fans will surely be outraged at this. I was at first but I decided that it wasn't a big deal to rage if I didn't have a picture of a cute dog in the background. Overall I would recommend this tablet to anyone who I looking for something simple and high quality. On a personal level though the lack of volume rockers on it such a big deal to me that I would return it and look for a tablet with volume rockers. I was seriously considering it but the person who gave it to me as a gift in the first place sees me almost daily so she would think I am not using it, until I get the courage to tell her I returned it. While I would normally do it, she spent a good $200 and I would feel badly doing it. I can of course deal with the volume rockers, and some would call me an extremist because of my ridiculous dislike of the feature, or lack of it, it really means a lot to me since I've always had it on all my other devices.
