My Thought on the Olympus OM-D E-M-5
I'm not going to reiterate what has been said so many times already about this camera, except that is a great photographic tool. My motivation for purchasing the Olympus OM-D is to downsize.  I currently also own a Nikon D300 with assorted lenses and accessories and found the last few years, on many occasions, I've been leaving it at home in favor of my compact "point and shoot" camera, which is currently an Olympus XZ-1.  Although the XZ-1 is a great camera, it does not offer the flexibility and image file quality of the larger shooters.  After much soul searching and reading of reviews I settled on the M4/3 system and Olympus to be the best fit for what I wanted to achieve.  I am NOT disappointed with my choice. Some random thoughts:1).  Definitely a small camera which took some getting used to, but now that I've used it for a while the camera works well with my shooting style.  And it is much more pleasurable to carry around all day and is more discrete than the Nikon D300.2).  Because the camera is so small the buttons, as many before have said, are likewise quite small.  I don't know if there is any solution for that, but after using the camera for a while their use becomes second nature.  Also, there has been much said about the "mushy" feel of the buttons.  I don't understand that criticism. They seem just fine to me.3).  Image quality is incredible.  So far I've been shooting auto ISO up to ISO 1600 (RAW+JPEG) with extremely good results with little post processing required in most images.4).  When I read other reviews regarding the separate flash it didn't bother me too much as I intend to do mostly available light work and use the flash for occasional fill.  What all those reviews did not mention is that to attach the flash to the camera requires removing three tiny pieces of plastic (one from the flash and two from the camera).  C'mon Olympus, fix that.5).  The Kit Lens: The new 12-50mm kit lens gets mixed reviews online.  That's the one I bought with the camera and, while not great, it's still pretty darn good!  The macro, for a kit zoom lens, is a real bonus and I think works very well.  Much has been written about how slow the lens is at the long end.  While it certainly would be nice if this lens was f5.6 instead of f6.3 at 50mm, consider this:  All other M4/3 kit lenses are 3X zoom ending with f5.6 maximum aperture at the long end.  The Olympus zoom is a 4X zoom.  With the lens on the camera I zoomed in to 36mm, which would be a 3X zoom, and the maximum aperture available read f5.6 on the camera.  So, at 3X zoom the available maximum aperture appears to be no different than any of the other kit lenses plus you get the added zoom range, albeit at a dimmer F6.3.  Oh, and when you look at pictures of the lens on the camera, it looks longish and large.  Yes, it is a bit on the long side, but it is still quite small and lightweight.6).  The camera name: OM-D E-M5.  Really?  Enough said.7).  I'd give 5 stars if it weren't for the awkward flash arrangement. So bottom line:  I will likely sell all the Nikon stuff and stick with the M4/3 gear.  I've also purchased the Panasonic 20mm f1.7 lens.  Will begin to add some of the faster primes once the money coffer is replenished.
