Ink Blue Review
I never bought any of the official Amazon Kindle Covers because I never really like their designs too much. I was always more of a very basic and simple type of person. The two things that attracted me the most about this cover was the fact that it could fold backwards without leaving a flap hanging loose on either side and the magnetic clasp closure with the automatic wake/sleep option. I don't believe they could have made a cover any more simpler then they did with this one. I got mine in Ink Blue, and I can tell you the color on the screen doesn't do the actual color much justice. If anything, the real color does look just like its name. It's as if Amazon literally took some blue pens and dyed the leather with it. The royal bluish outline color viewed in the example of the person holding the Kindle in the description is completely off and I'd suspect the same for the pink one under it. If there's anything I could change about the looks and feel though, it would be to offer this case in another material. I was never much of a fan of leather, but being this is the only option, what other choices do I have? If Amazon offered a fabric-like cover instead with some amazing colors, I would make sure to beat everyone to the preorder ;-)The inside of the front cover is made of a fabric that would protect your screen very well. When I fold it back, it does feel comfortable in my hand, but the only minor thing I slightly desire is another built-in magnetic clasp to keep the front cover hugging the back. On a side note though, you ever walked around with some ChapStick in your pocket for a few days and it slowly started to accumulate lint around the edge inside the cap? I feel like depending on where you choose to store your Kindle and case, it may have the same effect. If not on the front screen, then definitely behind the Kindle in the cover it will. But then again, I could be completely wrong. In any case, be sure to check it periodically. Lastly, anyone who likes to keep their Kindle in their back pockets, my case measures exactly 5" wide x 6.875" long x .625" thick (12.7cm x 17.5cm x 1.6cm). In other words, you're better off carrying it in your hand or a bag otherwise it's going to be a snug fit with a hassle to remove and put back in. Overall, I really like the case but unfortunately do not have my Kindle yet to rate it fully. I will be sure to update this after I receive it on the 17th. UPDATE[10/21]I finally received my Kindle on the 19th and have to admit after using it for a few days, compared to the black Kindle, the blue for the case really does tend to stand out a bit which I love. It does have a very good grip on the Kindle with a great seal all around it, which makes me know that lint will not accumulate behind the cover. When I fold the cover back while reading the Kindle, it does have a nice comfortable feel (a tad bit heavy all together, but not a deal breaker). As for my previous minor gripes, I still do slightly desire another magnetic clasp on the back of the cover to hold the front when its folded back and I also strongly desire they made this in another fabric like material. In any case, its a great cover, you won't regret it.
