Can't help but feel disappointed
I got this from work about 4 months ago.  I think four months is ample time to be able to give an accurate review of this ultrabook.  I really wanted to love this laptop, but I don't.  It's very sharp and stylish with its black and silver design but almost laughably clumsy. Allow me to explain.  First and foremost you have to hold the bottom whenever you open it because the hinge mechanism is tight and the bottom isn't weighty enough.  Secondly, once you have the laptop open the first thing you'll notice is not the lack of an HD screen but rather the strong glare back into your eyes if there is a light nearby.  The screen reflects way too much light and I find myself moving the display back and forth throughout the day just so I can read.  Thirdly, the keyboard (although I have to admit that I am getting more used to it) feels carpal tunnel inducing.  There is simply very little give to the keys so you feel as if you're tapping away on a flat surface (although touch screen tablets are not uncomfortable).  I prefer the feedback you get from other keyboards (such as Dell's XPS line).  Additionally, the keys are not smooth but feature a slight rough texture that feels rather cheap. The touch screen is a cool feature but I must admit that I never use it.  It's just not comfortable to hang your arm in front of your screen for an extended period of time.  I use a wireless Logitech mouse because the trackpad is annoying as well.  It doesn't recognize when you lift one of your fingers off of it unless you take both of them off.  This becomes very annoying when you're scrolling (with two fingers) and you take one off so that you can move to cursor to click on something and it continues scrolling down! I should also mention that about two months after I had it, the touch screen input stopped working.  I tried all kinds of troubleshooting, even formatting the hard drive and reinstalling Windows and all drivers but in the end it was a hardware issue.  I must give credit where credit is due and after talking to Sony they instructed me to bring the laptop to any UPS store (I didn't have to wrap it) and they would overnight it to their service center in Texas.  I received several calls from Sony informing me of the current repair status while it was gone (very unexpected).  Within two weeks I had the laptop back in working condition. My final gripe is that even though I have Windows set to sleep when I close the lid, about once, sometimes twice a week, I get home after leaving work and find the laptop burning hot because it never went to sleep. We ordered about 15 of these for the office and the feelings are mutual among all of us. All in all, for the price it is not a terrible laptop but I do think you can find better.  It's doing the job as a work laptop but I would never buy it on my own nor could I recommend it to anyone.
