Kindle Fire HD 8.9" 4G LTE Wireless
I bought the Kindle Fire right before Christmas and absolutely love it! We have a study where the  computer is at and I also have  a smart phone. As I get older I am having a harder and harder time seeing anything on the cell phone screen and I hated being segregated to the upstairs study if I needed to hop on the computer for something. My main reason for this purchase was to have the ability to just hop on the Fire while watching TV in the evenings and weekends. I absolutely love it and wished I had purchased this sooner. I love the larger screen and the vibrant colors. I was expecting to have issues with the glare but it hasn't been a problem yet within the house.  I mainly use this for email, reading books, People Magazine, an additional copy of my address book, surfing the web and Facebook.  I marked it down from a 5 to a 4 for the following reasons: you have to buy the wall plug in adapter separately when it should be included with the Kindle Fire, due to the age of our computer I am unable to use the Amazon Cloud Storage or even as an external device. I wanted to specifically back up my photos and documents and since the two systems aren't compatable I am unable to do as of yet. I don't like the fact that you can only download applications from the Amazon store only. I downloaded Facebook and it worked great for 3 weeks and then it would not load the Newsfeed. I Googled that issue and found out it had been happening to others for about 5 weeks. I tried downloading the applications from Facebook. com but that didn't work because it was not through Amazon. That lasted for about a month and then suddenly it worked again.  Other than that I have no complaints and you can't beat the Data Package Plan for the first year/$49.99.  I Googled and researched how much the plan would be after the first year but was unable to find that information.  Overall I am very happy with the Kindle Fire and would suggest it to family and friends over an Ipad any day. There are very few differences between the two devices and this particular Kindle Fire was $200.00 less than the IPAD my Mom purchased last year and I believe she pays $30.00 a month for the data package plan. You just can't beat it!!
