A place for everything... With room to spare!
I had just bought a Case Logic Security Friendly messenger bag when I found out I was being transferred to a different city... I will be riding my bike 10 miles a day to get from the train station to my new building, and a messenger bag just doesn't work well on a bicyle... I really liked the Case logic bag, it was infinitely better quality than the Toshiba bag it was replacing... So I was confident that the quality of this laptop bag would be very good. Now that I have the bag, I like it even more than I expected to. Very high quality, a multitude of storage spots, and very comfortable to wear... There are a ton of pockets and compartments, and I need that because I carry a lot of stuff with me. I have a Dell M6400 workstation laptop, which is pretty large and very heavy... It is nice and secure, and there is room to spare when stowing it in the laptop compartment. The little storage sleeve that was described as a spot to stow an iPad hold a couple of external USB drives and the cables. The largest compartment adjacent to the laptop compartment holds the giant power brick that the Dell has, and also a spare battery under a sleeve at the bottom of this compartment. The small zippered compartment at the top is the perfect size to hold my train pass and a wireless mouse. The next zippered compartment holds a lot of little neccessities, pens, pad of engineering comp paper, business cards, more cables and adapters, cell phone charger, etc. There are six small pockets to slip things into and keep them organized, and there is room to stow reference books like Berg catalogs and Spring catalogs when I am designing fixtures on the train. The outermost zippered compartment with the vertical zipper is where I pack my lunch every day, and folded up at the bottom I keep my rainsuit for when it's pouring rain and I have to ride 5 miles to work in the rain... The semi-hidden compartment on the other side is basically the pad to keep your back from getting poked... I keep a spare set of keys, a stash of emergency cash, and some other things that I use fairly infrequently... Spare batteries for the wireless mouse, etc. etc. Since the pad to protect your back from getting poked by something with a sharp corner is the outside of this compartment, you can stuff pretty much whatever you like in there and not feel it digging in to you at all... The zippers are all essentially the same, very durable and strong and look like they will last forever... The Toshiba bag I used to have had two of it's zippers break, and I never loaded that thing up much. These are much, much better quality and much beefier... The pulls are metal coated with rubber and I think they could support my weight without breaking, and I weigh 220 pounds... I have never used the two winged flaps at the outside, but you could stuff a pillow in there and cinch it down... There are also two smaller compartments at the lower sides that have mesh sleeves when they open up that are big enough to stuff water bottles or whatever into... They are not big enough to put a water bottle into and zip closed, but they could each hold a 16oz bottle... You could put a 12oz can into them and zip them closed... With all this stuff I carry around, the pack is very comfortable to wear. I don't use the cinch strap to hold the shoulder straps together when wearing the pack, it stays securely in place without it. When I walk with this backpack, I just slip it onto one shoulder; some packs will fall off or slide around when you try that. The shoulder straps are very comfortable, too... And the velcro added to the straps is another great little thing that makes this bag so much better; when you adjust the straps you just roll up the excess and secure it with the velcro... Small thing, but very telling when it comes to showing that somebody put some thought into this design... Case Logic makes really good products... I have a little camera bag by Case Logic, the messenger bag and now the Laptop backpack. All have proven to be really well thought out, very durable, and very well made. If I ever need to buy another bag of any type, I will just go see what Case Logic has and know that I will be very happy with it...
