This is hands-down the best Dustbuster ever designed.  I've been a avid Dustbuster enthusiast since they started making them decades ago.  Every few years I upgrade to a new model and usually appreciate the new features and increased power.  But this year I hit the jackpot with the CHV1510.  The suction is terrific for its size, the batteries and voltage deliver long-lasting performance per charge -- the longest EVER!! -- and the totally redesigned body and features make this one awesome little tool. Suction and long-lasting power are always first on my list, but a close second is ease of cleaning, and the CHV1510 takes the cake for clean-ability.  The clear waste-barrel comes off with a click and BOTH ends open up so you can thoroughly clean the barrel.  The filter and pre-filter are well designed, work great, and they are ALSO easy to clean. Other features that finally make me totally happy with a Dustbuster are (1) an on-off switch that is actually easy to work with a flick of my thumb; (2) an excellent design for an on-board crevice tool that simply slips out instantly, ready for use and then retracts with the touch of a finger; (3) an on-board brush that flips down and locks in place when needed, (4) a narrower front-end nozzle that makes it far easier to get into tight spaces than any previous Dustbuster model, and (5) the front-end nozzle rotates with push-button ease to change the angle for easier maneuvering. This is without a doubt the best designed Dustbuster ever produced.  And it WORKS!! If anybody from Black & Decker reads this, I'd like to pass on one single tip to make the next version of this fantastic tool even better.  The wall-mount bracket is fine and functional as is, but one improvement would be to make it a little larger so there would be room on the underside to wrap up all the unneeded power-charger-cord and keep it out of the way. I loved this model so much I bought 4 of them and retired all my old Dustbusters.  I have a big house and several dogs and keep one handy in every traffic area in the house so I can easily keep up with dog hair and miscellaneous specks they track into the house endlessly. If I could give the Dustbuster CHV1510 twice as many stars, I would.
