Okay for the Price
I have used this RCA player for several months now.  It takes up only a fraction of the space occupied by its predecessor.  The picture quality and sound are good and it plays through DVDs without the issues that some of my other (more expensive) players encounter.  The price was right and it was a snap to set up.  The RCA DVD player is essentially a portable DVD player without a display screen. The RCA replaced my old reliable Sony DVD player.  The old heavy Sony DVD player began to freeze frame, randomly jump back to earlier chapters, and refused to decode some DVD disks.  Some of the features also stopped working on the remote as well as the base unit.  It was a good unit for many years and it was time to replace it.  The RCA DVD player was an economical one-for-one replacement in terms of playing movies. Having read the other reviews for the RCA I must say that my machine has not (yet) encountered any of the more serious maladies.  There are some things you have to realize when buying this compact RCA unit.  Basically you get what you pay for.  If you seek a good simple to use compact player for your DVDs then the RCA is for you.  Now for the limitations.  There are only a few control buttons located on the unit itself.  If you lose the remote control you lose most of the functions on the DVD player.  After you load a DVD it takes a bit longer for the unit to read the disk.  Additionally I noted that, unlike my Sony, if you power down the RCA player or press the square stop button before you finish playing the movie the RCA player does not bookmark the stop point.  You have to restart the movie from the beginning and then manually jump ahead to reach the point where you left off. Although the instruction booklet for the RCA states that the system retains the stop point unless you press the stop button twice or power down the unit, this does not seem to be the case with my machine. Finally I noticed that although the RCA has no problem with the root menu, chapters, or movies it does tend to ignore special DVD animation that sometimes precedes the appearance of the menu. Currently I have the RCA DVD player feeding my 37-inch Vizo television on standard RCA cables.  I have yet to try a true HDMI cable. It is a good machine as long as you do not expect it to serve as an alternative to a Blue Ray player.
