No longer recommend series...
After reading a Dance with Dragons, I've found myself apologizing to the many friends and family members that I've recommended series to over the years.  To echo other reviewers' comments, for those that have already begun I would suggest reading through `a Storm of Swords' while watching the HBO series, then wait to see if Martin actually finishes the series before considering reading 'A Feast for Crows' and 'A Dance with Dragons.'  This installment is just as weak as the previous, primarily for the lack of critical plot development.***Spoilers***The redeeming section of the novel is the segments taking place in Northern Westeros.  The Bran, Jon, Melissandre, Davos, and Theon chapters are all very well-conceived and fascinating.  In fact, imagine if five years ago, Martin reversed his release strategy and published a 500 page book with just the events that occurred in the North from A Dance with Dragons (same prologue from a Feast with Crows explaining delays).  I think many of the long-times fans and readers would say this component in isolation would probably be rated a solid four stars. The problem however is taking the books four and five together with a ten-year release time.  Combined, the two books are exceedingly weak.  As others have commented, Danys and Tyrion have gone from critical plot drivers to uninteresting and nearly irrelevant.  I would even suggest, the constant use of repeat phrases or themes "where do whores go," and Dany pondering love for multiple chapters become not only irrelevant, but annoying to read. Beyond the critique of two characters, there are now too many plots lines that never truly advanced.  Moreover, it seems unlikely that these elements are to be resolved in a satisfying fashion if done in just two more books.  To cite a few of the critical plot lines that never advanced- The `Others' movement south, Dany's return East, Tyrion's purpose, Sansa/Arya, the intents of Littlefinger, or a true understanding of Bran's role in the North ("To be a tree or not to be"). Instead, the last two novels have placed a near primacy on a subset of side-stories and mysteries such as Connington/Aegon, a certain woman's identity in White Harbor, Zombie-Cat Jamie & Brienne, Lannister vs. Tyrell intrigue, Dornish characters, Victaron and his horn, identity of "cold-hands," Franken-Gregor and Cersei, and others.  While these aspects maybe interesting, they either are too much of a tease with too little information and unsatisfying endings (Brienne, White Harbor), or a complete waste of time (Dorne). As others have noted in their reviews, the strength of the first three novels was the advancing of a great main plot that was interjected with compelling stories such as recalling the Tower of Joy, the Trident, and former knights in the Kingsguard.  Books 4&5 not only inverses that successful formula, but have done so to the point it has really diminished my joy for the entire series.  In summary, I can no longer recommend the books.
