Interesting but limited use
The reviews from other members-- both positive and negative-- are all pretty spot-on.  If you happen to have a tablet or phone that supports a USB keyboard I'd say this will work fairly well. Unfortunately for me neither my tablet (Lenovo) or my phone (HTC) are compatible with this device (at least, not that I've been able to discover).  I bought it taking that chance, so no gripes here. One valuable function I do see in this is a portable test-keyboard.  Consultants and techs often need a keyboard that they can use to test computers where the resident keyboard isn't working (especially laptops).  This is small and works splendidly for that purpose, as it functions just fine with any PC that accepts standard USB keyboards.  So as a portable test keyboard, I'd say it works pretty well. Regarding the product itself:  the case is good quality.  I have only one real complaint about the keyboard itself:  the space key is badly set... just a tad lower than the other keys and in a bad position for typing.  One should not expect to touch-type on this.  The keys are small and more suited to two-finger hunt-and-peck.  It is however, better than trying to hit the tiny keys on 7" tablets.  For the extremely low price it's a rather decent system.  It even has keyboard LEDs. Some have complained about the three clips allowing a tablet to "easily slide sideways".  I disagree.  The two bottom clips are sturdy and the top clip is spring-loaded with a rather stout spring.  I think one would have to jostle it pretty hard to get a tablet to budge once it's clipped into place.  However if one feels uneasy there is a simple solution:  simply glue a couple of rubber bumpers to the case where the top and bottom of the tablet ends... and that would certainly prevent it from slipping sideways. The case has a back-stand that has only one position-- but it's a good angle for table-top typing.  I bought this item for a simple reason:  it was too cheap and interesting to pass up.  I may have wasted a few bucks, but I have a feeling this is going to come in handy sooner or later.  It's not a piece of junk, it's low-priced, it is a USB keyboard-- and I never mind having a spare keyboard on hand.  It's terrific if one has a 7" tablet or cell phone it's compatible with.  If not, it's an interesting gizmo... one I've not seen elsewhere.
