Second time's a charm
After seeing me drool over an SLR, my Wife gave me a 60D for my birthday =DWe really wanted to order from Amazon, but Newegg had a better deal at the time for the kit, so we went with them.  Bad news is the first one arrived defective.  The card slot kept sticking and would not release my memory card.  The real defect was the charger that flat out wouldn't work. Before returning for a replacement unit, I tried Canon customer support in hopes of a speedier resolution since our Anniversary was only 2 days away and we wanted to capture the celebration in SLR style.  Jeff from Canon Support could not have been more understanding, he quickly arranged to have a new battery overnighted to us (suspecting it was a battery problem at first).  We received the battery the next morning only to realize the charger was the culprit.  We didn't get to use the 60D on our Anniversary, but we greatly appreciate the care we received from Canon Support and don't regret the purchase. When we finally received the 60D replacement, everything was wonderful.  The memory card slot didn't stick like the first model and the charger worked as expected, but now we had an extra backup batter--complements of Canon Support.  This was our first SLR and we were looking for something that could handle low-light and take better action shots than our Canon SD870is point-and-shoot.  The 60D simply delivers!... as it should, considering the price.  The autofocus system is very quick and pictures have much better color accuracy... objects simply POP with detail and contrast!  I love the continuous burst mode, inspiring confidence that you won't miss the action.  Especially useful is the ease of adjusting shutter speed and ISO settings to compensate for dim environments.  I found the controls very intuitive. Although it's often stated that kit lenses aren't very good, I really like the 18-135mm included lens.  To me, it provides superb clarity and detail.  I'm really glad it has image stabilization to smooth out shakes and the zoom range is great enough to cover the majority of shooting we'll do. Haven't really had a chance to test out the movie mode, but it definitely was a feature that swayed me towards the 60D over the Nikon D7000.  Because I do plan to use this camera for video 1/3 of the time, I really enjoy having the articulating screen.  It's been useful with just still photos.  I do believe the D7000 is flat out a better camera and I like its more sophisticated autofocus system, dual memory cards, movie mode auto focus, higher ISO range, and 100% viewfinder but the kit was more than what we wanted to spend.  On top of that, I really don't know if I would be able to tell that great of a difference in image quality between the two, DxOmark scores be damned. With it's 5.3 fps burst mode, great low light performance, quick autofocus, myriad video framerates, and articulating screen, the Canon 60D easily exceeds our needs and motivates me to take more pictures and improve my photography technique(s).  We received incredible support from Canon after purchase and easily recommend the EOS 60D! There are 2 things I would change about the camera, though.  I wish the viewfinder was 100%, as it's a little annoying finding extra objects in the picture afterwards.  As much as I do love the 60D, I also really really wish it didn't have the mode dial lock.  Having to depress a button at the center of the dial before you can turn the mode dial is very cumbersome and irritating.  I fear I'll break the mode dial someday simply because I forgot to hold down the unlock button.
