Budget ultrabook is good for every day usage.
I bought this computer for general use including:-web browsing-MS Office usage (mostly Word, Powerpoint, Excel)-Music & video streaming-Light photo editingFORM FACTORI wanted something lightweight & portable. This fits the bill, it is indeed a metal computer, though doesn't feel like a slab of metal (it does get cold if left alone for a while). It seems relatively durable, but not rugged given its thinness. KEYBOARD & TOUCHPADKeyboard is OK, given how thin this machine is I was happy with how it feels. I haven't made many errors typing on it. However, some of the larger keys (enter, shift) have a cheap sound to them. Not a deal-breaker. Backlighting is nice, although for some reason changing the brightness of it is delayed a few seconds after the key press. The touchpad performed well for me out-of-box, I ended up barely tweaking the settings. Win8 gestures perform well enough, edge swipes help navigating without a touch screen. Its large and feels good. SCREENAt 13" and 1600x900, this is exactly what I was looking for... plus its matte finish reduces glare. I'm no videophile, but the screen is bright enough for me & looks good. PERFORMANCE & PORTSYes, its a last-generation CPU & graphics. This didn't bother me since I don't need high-power in my portable machine. All of my installations & applications went smoothly & run fine. The SSD makes things snappy, even though its not the fastest, I'm coming from a HDD & it is nice & quick in comparison. Remember, no DVD/CD & only 128GB storage. Only 2 USB ports, I thought this would bother me more than it does, but I wish they were both USB 3.0. Haven't tested the display-out ports yet. The USB ports are a little tough to insert & remove, but this may change over time with extensive use. The AC adapter is a 90 degree plug, but can be rotated so as to not block the USB port on the left side of the machine. Speakers are OK for such a compact machine, but headphones are light enough... take them with you! Battery life has been between 4-6 hours for me. On the lower end when I had brightness up & was watching Netflix, and higher with just general Office apps & browsing. The machine gets a little warm on the bottom, so be wary. Never cause for alarm for me, but warmer than I'd like. SOFTWAREI immediately uninstalled the antivirus (IMO Microsoft's solution works perfectly). The Samsung settings & other software is nice, but I think I'll end up getting rid of their multimedia suite as I've grown accustomed to other software. Win8 is the future, whether you like it or not. I'm sure it would run great under Win7, but you may lose some feature support. Win8 boots super quickly, and there are programs you can purchase to bring back the beloved Start Menu if you so desire. CONCLUSIONMy budget was $700-$800. This was on sale for the lower of that & I'm satisfied. The keyboard could be better & if you're on a L***** or similar machine with a stellar keyboard, you might be disappointed. Since its cheap for an ultrabook, you get last-gen hardware & a SLIGHTLY less-premium fit & finish than the other Series 9 models that I looked at (well over $1100), so take that into consideration. You either spend several hundred more for a super-premium device, or save a little dough & cut some corners. In my opinion, the corners cut here are minimal. I'd recommend this model to a user with similar needs to me, listed above. Only took off 1 star for a combination of the AC adapter plug, minor keyboard issue, minor heat issue & the battery life is a little lower than quoted (but isn't it always?). PS: The lid closing issue others are having is minor, it only occurs for me if I close the laptop like a book (one-handed, close to the spine). Otherwise its fine. EDIT (3/12/2013)After a couple months of use, still satisfied with the purchase. I'm getting at least 4 hours battery life (I rarely let it get below 20%) using Samsung's option for only charging to 80% to prolong the lifetime of the battery. A word of caution: I would use some kind of sleeve or protective case if you're carrying this daily, as I have been. Somehow my machine has picked up a faint scratch on the top cover. Not sure what caused this, but I'm getting a sleeve to prevent more from occurring.
