Expertise from a master, but you need advanced photoshop skills to actually implement some of it
This book starts off on a journey through all the stations essential to the perfecting of your digital images. It begins with the basics, then accellerates through Lightroom intermediates, to increasingly advanced stuff, until by about 3/4 of the way through (about page 206) when it goes flat out, with some really advanced, useful and exquisite photoshop techniques. From there the foot is taken off the pedal and it gently slows, finally ending with a few handy preference tips etc. For all the above I heartily recommend it, but I am disappointed by one area where it does fail. It fails by omitting something which most similar books include. There are no links (AFAICS) to download: actions, images and work (. psd) files to practice his techniques on, which for the really advanced techniques (around pages 206-216) it really needs; nor, and equally as important, does it have screenshots full size, which we also need because most of the Lightroom screenshots are (IMO) too small to read clearly without the assistance of another pair of glasses to double up or a magnifying glass. ( I can read the text OK btw). I accept that maybe we don't need to see every tiny detail of the panels etc and perhaps just need the general gist (but then why include them?) but it is irritating not to have access to larger versions, or the work files, via a link. There are parts of the book (around page 206) where some of it will require anyone but advanced photoshop users to try it several times to understand it properly. Fine - I like trying new things but although I understand the concepts, as I go through the techniques in my mind I can see tiny points that might trip me up and so I would really have expected links to working files and ideally a small video showing the process. OK so maybe if he did one vid he'd be expected to do a vid of the lot but it is a glaring omission IMO. I understand his reasons for not including them , he has already done Lightroom videos on much of the subject (with Michael Reichmann) which are sold on Luminous Landscape. However the photoshop section would benefit hugely from supporting files ( He talks about making actions of it too, it would have added kudos though if he had provided one or two)OK, so I'll just have to find any answers I need (which are fairly trivial but also essential) on a discussion forum or similar but I do think it's not unreasonable to expect links to SOME workfiles from a book like this, it would have made it complete which as it stands, it is not, as it leaves me needing just a little bit more info.(If the links are there but I just haven't been able to find them then I retract the above but would add - make the links more visible!)UPDATE: Please see Jeff's response in the comments (thanks Jeff:) )Link is here: [...] OH no links allowed I see - OK well - its on the back of the book anywayI'm leaving my comments above as I imagine there are others in the same boat as me, who don't find the link obviousI also want to add to this review that having gone over it again, I think the techniques explained on pages 206 to about 216 are really especially worthwhile indeed. This is one of those books that I will refer to again and again until I 'grok' those techniques as they seem to be ones essential to masterI would still like to have videos of the pages mentioned though as I learn so much better that way than from textHaving gone through it yet again I would like to further add that some parts would be a lot easier to understand were the grammar and punctuation edited for clarity (better proofreading wouldn't go amiss either, there's some silly mistakes in there, e. g. 'singles' instead of  'signals' p211)..
