Perfect for a Student
8 years ago when I started college, I had a desktop and used it all the way through college.  When I graduated, I bought my first laptop.  It served me well for 4 years, but this year now beginning graduate school, I decided I wanted something new.  My laptop was still functioning but needs to be plugged in (no battery life) and sometimes acts up in ways that make me think it could suddenly drop dead.  I began researching the Chromebook and had a strong feeling that it was the right choice for me and bought one almost impulsively.  I haven't regretted the purchase once.  I am in my first couple weeks of grad school and find the Chromebook to be perfect for a student.  It has a quick start-up time and is fast.  I like the keyboard.  It has a long battery life (6+ hours) so I can unplug and grab it off my desk and head to class without even bringing my cord along.  Now that I've entered the passwords once, the Wifi connects quickly on its own when I open up either in the classroom or at home.  The internet is fast, and I love the simplicity of having everything on my Google drive which I can access anywhere and also feel like my files are secure.  I don't have to remember to save when I'm typing a document - it is constantly auto-saving.  There are still some things I am learning about it that are different than on my laptop/Microsoft software, but it hasn't been a real problem.  I still have my laptop but never feel the need to use it except for watching a DVD now & then - although already I do a lot of my TV watching online with Hulu, Crackle, & Amazon Instant Video -- all of which work well on the Chromebook (at first I had trouble playing Amazon videos but the wrinkles must have gotten ironed out because now it's totally fine.)  I will say that this is not the best choice for photo & video editing - I even found going through my photo files to organize/delete to be a bit of a pain.  But this is not a big deal for me personally - and isn't what Chromebook advertises as it's best feature anyway.  If the main thing you use your computer for is on the Internet, you are willing to use Google Docs for word documents, powerpoints & spreadsheets, and you like the idea of storing your files in "the cloud" on Google Drive - you won't have ANY complaints about the Chromebook.  I LOVE IT.
