Careful about this product!!!
Compatability of this product may be a problem with your computer and Honestech may not be able to solve it ... and then won't take the product back. First of all I am not a novice with audio and video devices.  I have managed to get every piece of audio and video gear I've ever purchased to work and I have a 24-track digital music studio in my home.  I tried several times with this device with no success.  I went through all the troubleshooting steps in the manual including hooking my VCR up to a TV to be sure it was working properly .. it was.  I called Honestech's help desk, got a very friendly person on the phone who took me through many steps including checking several computer specs and he could find no reason why it shouldn't work ... in other words there were no compatability issues.  My computer ... a top of the line HP all-in-one model ... was only a few months old.  The tech said he would find some other ideas and send me an email.  If the ideas he came up with didn't work then I should return the unit to them and they would replace it.  I got the email, tried his ideas ... including uninstalling and reinstalling the software several times ... and it still didn't work. I sent the unit back to Honestech with a copy of the email from the tech.  A few weeks later I got a package back and eager to try it out I reinstalled everything only to find it still didn't work.  I called Honestech again and was told they could find nothing wrong with the box I'd sent them, so they just sent the same one back.  I feel I went to a lot of trouble to get this to work, incurred the original cost, plus shipping to send it back to them and now I have a product that doesn't work and Honestech will do nothing about it.  They aren't even offering any reason why it doesn't work ... not saying my computer is somehow at fault, or that I had mis-installed something ... but still they won't take the unit back. They should change the name of the company to Dis-Honestech as they clearly don't stand behind their product nor the promises of the people that work for them.
