Bought it for the AF, but got a whole lot more!
As a long time user of Canon's 5D series I can say for certain that they've always been capable of taking great photos.  There's little doubt the sensor capabilities of the 5D and 5D2 are simply excellent.  However, like many users of the series, we all tend to share a common gripe. The AF system - specifically the outer focus points of the previous generation - were, shall we say, capable of giving the photographer ulcers in addition to nervous breakdowns?  I can't tell you how many times I'd see a shot, compose, line up to take it with an outer focus point in decent lighting, only to have the AF system sail past the subject and miss the shot.  And just like that, the moment's gone. No more! I'm glad to say that Canon listened and pratically went over board with the AF system on the 5D3.  Even in the crummiest of lighting - practical darkness - with little contrast between the subject and the background and I'm hitting the focus nearly everytime.  Shots the 5Dc or 5D2 couldn't see with the "good" center focus point -all without the AF assist beam!  Its like Canon took the very good AF system of the 7D and hyped it up with steroids and sonar - it's that good!  There was no way they were going to let the AF system handicap this camera - and they've succeeded. For me personally, I would have been happy with the 5D2 plus a great AF, and I got that with the 5D3.  But there's so much more.  Silent shooting is so quiet you can barely hear the shutter, the high ISO capabilities are mind numbing, I'm hardly seeing any noise at all at ISO 2000, some at 3200, and then it becomes noticable (but useable) all the way to 12,800.  And it cleans up well in LR4. So at the end of the day it comes down to two things; - according to me and based on *most* of the reviews out there on the 5D2 -1.  The AF system has been so vastly improved its like going from a Tercel to a Ferrari - no longer will a pro canon shooter be handicapped by a subpar AF system.2. The ISO capabilities - which were good before on the 5D2, now they're just ridiculous. If you've ever wanted to throw your 5D2 into the sea because the outer focus points failed you or if you shoot weddings in crummy light, then get on the waiting list, you won't be disappointed.
