Throwing knife
Please note that I love these things and gave them five stars before you read further. I just have to get it off my chest that these things are not kunais.  A kunai was a thick, heavy and dull elliptically shaped chunk of wrought iron that medieval Japanese people used as a trowel. [...]These things are throwing knives.  Really cool throwing knives. Pluses:+ Very sharp.  Each one of these three knives would make an excellent double edged dagger or a decent utility knife.  In fact, you'd probably be unwise to throw this knife in a real fight because it would be more useful to you as a fighting knife.+ Length.  12 inches.  The blade is long enough to reach vital organs.+ Weight and balance.  Optimal for throwing.  When throwing it at a plywood target the tip would penetrate several inches into the plywood.+ The ring at the non-pointy end is useful for attaching a lanyard etc.  Getting hit with the ring end wouldn't be fun either! Sometimes when I hit my plywood target with the ring end it would penetrate as well.+ Inexpensive.  I would easily pay this price for one throwing knife, but you get three for about $25!  It's amazing!+ Lethality.  I can really envision these things inflicting a fatal wound.  The weight and sharpness and blade length really combine to make a lethal weapon.  This is not a toy, even though it's fun to play with.+ Sheath.  Appears to be high quality though I can't say I have used the sheath much.+ Packaging.  Attractive sturdy packaging with Expendables logo etc, and each blade is protected by a nice clear-plastic sheath within a sheath that could be a safe and handy way to protect the blade. I recommend not throwing away the packaging. That said, I just watched The Expendables on Netflix just to see these knives in action and it was about the stupidest movie I've ever seen.  The only good part was seeing these knives plunge into people's necks and skulls with just the ring and handle sticking out.  But that was maybe 2 minutes out of a 90 minute movie.+ Tough.  It's one piece and the steel is hard.  I've owned throwing knifes that got bent from normal throwing.  I threw one of these knives for hours yesterday and the knife did not bend, break, or chip.  It's tougher than nails because nails bend! Minuses:- Other reviewers have pointed out that the cord wrapped around the handle comes off from normal throwing.  I headed off this problem by wrapping bright orange duct tape around the handle of the one I use for practice. This kept the cord on and makes it easy to find in the grass when you miss or it bounces off the target.- The double-edged blade is so sharp that I had to grip it from the ring end when throwing it.  I couldn't really hold the pointy end when throwing it for fear of cutting my fingers.  If you've thrown knives you know that to make it hit point first from certain distances you have to grip it from the pointy end. In summary these are good, heavy, sharp high quality throwing knives that also make good daggers or field knives.
