Im SELFLESS, Im BRAVE, Im DIVERGENT
Fast, action-packed, full of love, AWESOME, Divergent is the first book in Veronica Roth's Divergent Series. It is Goodreads choice award last 2011 and until now, it is still one of the top bestsellers in bookstores all over the world! Why do you think so? There is no kidding this book is outrageously blood hell AWESOME! (I already said that twice.)From cover to cover, it is filled with fast events that can keep your bring working for the whole time youre reading it. and Mind you, YOU CANNOT PUT THE BOOK DOWN WHEN YOU START READING IT! IT is so captivating that it drags you wherever it goes. Places that you've never been will feel like you're there fighting and falling with them too. You'll imagine yourself like you are also jumping from the train and how would you do it and you've actually done it in your imagination. Isn't that awesome!? The way Veronica Roth puts herself into Tris' life is like a reality that already happened to her! She said it coincisely and she is a very good story teller. You won't be bored even when sometimes there are group coversations that wou will be lost BUT don't worry, it is still understandable if you would read it again!!! What I also love about this book is that there is a visible bond between Tris and her mates. They protect each other. There are also conflicts in the book that are very intriguing and there are a lot twists that you don't expect to happen. oh, i love surprises. I also love the fact that Veronica indulged us into a new world where there is a government that has a lot of loopholes and lapses. It creates more conflict and fight.!!! It fills he whole book with blood. yeah! You would want to keep up with the book, really! And you would want to ask for answers! You'll be filled with curiosity and you'll find answers while reading the book!!! :DThen, I love the bad guys in the scene. and sometimes, you would think that a good guy could possibly be bad! waaaah.. mad turn of events! twists. twists. twists!!! THIS BOOK, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT TO YOU. 100% SURE THAT YOU WILL LIKE THIS! ESPECIALLY IF YOU ARE FOND WITH ACTIONS. my rating: 5.5/5 :D
