Kindle fire HD vs the Google Nexus 7
Kindle fire HD vs the Google Nexus 7As many of the reviews seem to compare the kindle fire HD to the iPad, I will share my thoughts comparing the kindle to what I consider to be the actual competition, the google Nexus 7. I will start by saying I am a google/android user with an android phone and a big user of Gmail and Gchat etc to keep in touch with friends and family around the world. So what do I think after owning both the Nexus 7 and the Kindle fire HD? Positive things about the Kindle fire HD1. The screen - I cannot fault the screen at all, video is sharp, runs well without pauses (Netflix and amazon prime) and has great colour definition. I actually think the screen is better on the kindle fire HD than the nexus 7, it really is very pretty. The advertisements on the startup screen are really no issue, think of it like a screen saver, how often do you really look at it before you active the device?2. Sound - the speakers on the Kindle Fire HD are also very good, again better than the Nexus 7 and seem louder too.3. Built quality on both platforms seems very good although both suffer from the same small buttons which are hard to find. Negatives about the Kindle Fire HD1. The real negative about this device is the software or lack of Google software, if you have an android phone do not expect this to be an Android pad, its not. You do not get GChat/video chat (a big minus in my book) and the mail application is not the Gmail interface which while it works, I miss the uniformity across devices that I have gotten used to with Android. Yes I can get a 3rd party app to access gchat (again without video) but do I really want to give my password and login details to another application and company I have never heard of? I never did work out whether it has an alarm to wake my up in the morning like my phone.2. I know the Amazon Silk browser is supposed to fast, and yes it does work well, but I guess it really bugs me I cannot download alternatives.3. The carousel interface - this takes a little getting used too if you're an android user. The navigation around the device is not always as easy as it could be, but again something you can get used too. In summaryIf you want a really nice tablet to watch Netflix and Amazon videos, listen to Pandora or read books then this tablet is probably perfect for you. If however, you are looking for an Android tablet then you are perhaps better served looking at the Nexus 7 which for a little more money can do everything the Kindle HD Fire can do and more besides, you will find yourself reaching for your smart phone to check your email etc not your kindle. I carried my Nexus 7 around with me all the time and used it for a wide range of things but my Kindle Fire tends to sit beside my bed at home which is a real shame for such a nice device. If Amazon just allowed the Google apps to run I would certainly up my rating from a 3 star to a 4 star as the functionality of the device will greatly improve, as it is I will probably give my Kindle to my wife as she uses simple email applications, watches videos, reads and so will probably love this device. Final thoughtsI really want to love the device but I cannot, the device is great but is let down by the lack of functionality of the software.
