Horrible packaging for delicate equipment
The camera just arrived yesterday. It was delivered on the day it was promised, which is great. What is not great, however, is the packaging Amazon shipped it in. $800 worth of delicate camera equipment just stuffed into a box with no cushioning to take up the air space, leaving the camera and lens free to bang around in the box? REALLY AMAZON? Even DVDs have "air bags" in the shipping container to keep them from bouncing around, and UPS is famous for tossing boxes. Usually Amazon is great about their packaging, so someone in the warehouse was just being lazy that day, and it happened to be on my package. I have not yet tried the camera to see if the optics got messed up, but will as soon as the battery pack charges. EDIT 08/03/2012People who are upset at my review apparently forgot to read the last sentence of it, which read "I have not yet tried the camera to see if the optics got messed up, but will as soon as the battery pack charges."Clearly, the review was a preliminary and a warning to others buying the camera that the poor packaging by Amazon may have a negative impact on the actual product. Thankfully, Amazon's sloppy packaging has not affected the camera, as I have since used it extensively during a couple of recent trips. This says a lot, I think, for Canon's original packaging of both the camera and the lens, as it somehow managed to survive the abuse of both Amazon and UPS. As other reviewers have noted, the instruction manual is a bit confusing, so I've barely scratched the surface of the camera's capabilities, and at the suggestion of another user, I also purchased a Delkin DDSPROC1100D-B Snug-It Pro DSLR Camera Skin for Canon Rebel T3 Black for the camera, as it is not dust proof or waterproof. This is something that purchasers should be aware of, as dust getting into the camera may not affect the final picture, but it will have a negative affect on your ability to see through the viewfinder--something I experienced first hand with a 35mm Pentax SLR I had years ago. i have taken some great pictures with this camera, both with a flash and with available lighting. The stabilizer feature did a remarkable job in keeping sharp focus while using a Canon EF-S 55-250mm f/4.0-5.6 IS II Telephoto Zoom Lens for Canon Digital SLR Cameras shooting with available light in a dense forest, giving clear, crisp resolution. Also recommended is the addition of a memory card, the bigger the better. Nothing worse than getting an "out of memory" error. I included a SanDisk Ultra 64 GB SDXC Class 10 30MB/s (SDSDU-064G-U46) with my order. I did encounter some problems downloading photos to my laptop using iPhoto, which seemed to choke and skip random photos (a problem I blame on Apple's software, not the camera), so using the "EOS Utility" provided with the camera instead of iPhoto is recommended. I bought this camera on the recommendation of a photographer friend, and I'm glad i did.
