Video autofocus is horrible, otherwise a great camera
My primary reason for upgrading to this camera was my hope that the video autofocus system would be good enough to allow me to stop carrying both a camera and a camcorder. If you are looking at this camera for that reason then do NOT buy it. The autofocus system for video is horrible, absolutely awful. I have the 40mm STM lens, which is supposed to increase speed and reduce the background noise. It is much quieter but as far as I can tell, it hunts for correct focus just as often and takes just as long as any of my other lenses. If you want video at a fixed distance where you set the shot up in advance and both the camera and subject are still, then the video quality is excellent. Though I can't recommend strong enough that you disable autofocus after you set up the shot. I have had countless instances in which after some period of time taking a video shot at a FIXED distance, the camera suddenly goes out of focus and then works its way back into focus. Ridiculous! So let the autofocus find the correct initial focus in normal photo mode, then disable the autofocus on the lens and switch to video. As far as video of a moving target, don't waste your time or endure the frustrations of trying to get the canon to maintain or find focus on a moving target. Its ridiculous. It hunts continuously, rechecks itself by going out of focus then trying to get back in, often failing to find focus for 5-10 seconds. There are many videos out there on the internet reviewing the autofocus of this camera and it is universally blasted for any moving subject. I have had far better success at using the manual focus to track a moving target than I have turning the function over to the camera. In all other respects the image quality is very nice and like previous rebels it includes a nice mix of features but if you came to this camera (or any successive camera using this autofocus design) in the hopes of getting a robust autofocus system for video do not buy it.
