Like So Much We have 2 Fire HD 7"
When I started out I tested the Kindle Paperwhite, 3gWifi, Fire and Fire HD.  I know crazy but this was going to be our anniversary/Santa presents and intended long term to cut down on all the books we have laying all over the house.  The value of the donations have become less and less.  I also had to look at impact for budget.  For some reason the the 3G was slowed down and not delivered, so quickly eliminated the paperwhite and next went on to the the regular Fire.  I liked it, there were a few issues that did not excite me.  So I figured I would give that one to hubby ---he kept saying all he wanted to do is read books.  Next I turned on the HD, pulled down some free books and games and did test drives.  I loved this little gizzmo.  It was the answer since I could not afford the IPad or Sony Tablet at prices being sold on Black Friday or afterwards.  So on Anniversary offered the two units to show hubby.  I had already sent the paperwhite back.  The 3 g had been received that day but did not look at. He liked the Fire, but when he saw the clarity of the Fire HD he was hooked.  So I called Customer service and explained I wanted to upgrade ---no problem.  I sent the Fire back and we had two Fire HDs in 2 days.  The only problems we have is with we the users.  To save money we shopped Half Price Books, a Ministry Book Store and others and bought used books to read. So for $1.50 to $2.50 we have been reading most of the recently released books --at least a year fresh from original release.  Amazon has advertised that it had all these great books under 3.99.  To us that is not true.  There are a lot of bodice rippers and low end mystery thrillers written by authors unknown all using method or template writing.  Yes we can find the great romances and literature where the copyright has expired, and are reading some of those again. Also what we have discovered is that the price of e-books of the current novels available in paperback ---Walmart offers them $2.00 cheaper and if I go to Costco, I might even save more.  So what is a great idea of being able to purchase books in the middle of the night and those books being of authors we love and we would save money ----is not so. The Kindle HD is great but it is a ripoff with the cost of the books versus your local market.  At this point I am thinking I should have waited and bought us both wifi tablets with an extra keyboard and a reader application.  I do want the mobility, I want the apps for recipes and shopping and such.... so am asking myself was this such a wise move.  A small pc is onsale for only 30.00 more than what I paid for the kindle.  I know the tablets are higher. Learning how to use the Kindle HD was confusing because we could not find the instructions, two of the guides we downloaded were useless (I am a business and technical writer, have had experience with such documentation)---so many of those guidebooks suck real bad.  Because I have been on disability--I have been out of tech world since 2007, so we have been experimenting and guessing how to bring up specific menus and such.  And no we don't plan to watch movies or such on it --we have direct TV and we don't travel. It is a great product. Great quality.  I think it is much better than many of the current ereaders out there.  The catch is the price of the books---crazy as it seems paper from local stores is cheaper than the ebooks.  Totally crazy. Update: PS we bought both Fire HD units at Amazon. Hubby wanted me to emphasize that his ereader he really really loves it.  This man always has a book in his hand literally.  Now the challenge is keeping new reasonably priced books in cloud for him and I to read.  I am already 4 books behind him.  I am trying to look for books $5.00 and under.  Some came out this week.  And there were some sales and price drops on a book we have been waiting to read for quite some time.  So we had some electronic book price saves last night.  Including a special diet recipe book I was interested in.  Hey Amazon, I wish there was some way to say (at least for some books) that we were finished and would like to sell back at a price of 1-5 dollars (depending on original prices).  We don't need the digital clutter again and in reality you can't tell it is "used" and can sell it again.  Just a thought.  Hubby does like the mobility of carrying his ereader in its little case along with his business pouch.  He reads at lunch or while waiting for someone... and at home it is in his hand from time he rises til the time he falls asleep.  No it does not go in the shower.  And I have taken it from his hand when sleeping so he won't drop on floor.  at 74 he is still working.  But he has said his dream is to retire and just beable to have book after book to read and a small herb and salad garden to tend.  I have already loaded some books that were free on subjects of gardening. Note to Prime Product manager.  The free offer made with much celebration that you can check out one book a month to read---I personally think that is insulting.  There are books we want to read and keep and many read and release.  Wish the offer could be expanded for such avid readers.  For example he just finished the first series by Julien May each costing 9.99 (that was part of santa present).  Now we want the next groups that range in price from 6.99 to 11.99.  A total of 9 books.  So could quickly reach a $100 dollars to read.  Here is the problem.  You are offering the edigital version of Sorcerer's moon as Hard Copy at 2.99 and the eversion at 7.99.  If I have prime.... my shipping may be zero ---so here you make it more advantagous to buy a hardback even though you have a great piece of equipment to read a digital book!!  If I want them used, I can get some of the volumes for as low as .01 or 04 cents. I briefly read yesterday that there has been some type of settlement related to price fixing of book prices and now publishers and sellers must follow formulas or such.  The article tride to explain it but just made me more confused.  For now I guess we will be buying both hardback and digital.  That is okay when doing my medical and genetic research I like writing and marking in the books and most of them are not available in digital formats.  Usually I can find several scientific papers that cover the subject to use as source documents. Thanks I just wanted to put in examples about the pricing issues we face.  Other than that we love your Fire HDs. I have used the web surfing and we may branch out. using our own wifi in house.  I may just save up for a tablet that I can use to document research as I read in other places than office.  Then can load into the megabrain in the office. We do love your product.  One other change ----we recommend that a link be available that when first turned on the link to the user's guide be a popup.  This would have saved us hours and hours of frustration during this first month.  Since we just found it, will read.  Maybe we will use more functions.  Without a guide in the package or online and no logical quickline when you turn the unit on---you made us feel we had to go buy user guides and so many of those are poorly written ripoffs!
