A nice little knife, but dont expect a lot.
Well hopefully if youre interested in buying this knife you dont think it will be one of the best out there, because its not.  I mean the fact thats its Stainless steel and really low priced should have given that away.  BUT, if that doesnt bother you and you just want a very basic, thin knife, I recommend this one. For a CQC knife, its perfect for concealed carry (please make sure its legal in your state to do so, im not liable if you get arrested) due to its very thin design.  The handle is wrapped with only paracord, so theres no wooden or plastic handle to make things bulky.  You could slip it inside your waistband and no one would suspect a thing.  I also like the black finish and green cord color combination, but that just my opinion though I imagine a popular one :). The paracord is not very good quality.  It works as a handle wrapping, but if you want a stronger cord or something that looks nicer, go buy it separately.  I probably wont replace it because it just wont be worth the extra money to me.  The cord is also really long.  It extends well past the handle, but you can make it shorter by tying knots into it.  The wrapping is fairly good, but a little too loose.  It looks like they could have fit another section or two since im able to slide it around a bit.  If you dont mind re-wrapping it, it shouldnt be a problem for you. I wish that the knife came much sharper than it did.  Really, this thing cant even cut paper.  You know how some sword or knife owners hold a piece of paper in front of them and then just slice diagonally across the paper?  Yeah, I tried that with this knife and it didnt work.  Just crumpled up the paper.  The good news is, blades can be sharpened and so can this one.  However, arriving to me dull certainly isnt going to earn it more stars.  At least the point is still... pointy. I dont know how good the durability and edge retention is and I dont feel like destruction testing it.  Its 440 stainless steel, so I cant imagine this knife would be any different in that regard from any other knife of its size thats also 440 stainless.  Im a sword guy, so I dont know much about stainless steel knives and how they are tempered or whatever... if at all.  Ive heard 440, while isnt the best stainless steel, isnt the worst so that should give you an idea on its durability and edge retention.  Again, I dont know how it was heat treated or tempered.  The black finish would probably start to scratch and come off with use, unfortunately. The magnesium striker works pretty well.  You kind of have to both hit and slide the blade on the striker to get it to spark.  Youll figure it out.  I was looking at it and I saw little dots in my vision for a couple seconds.  I havent tested it for making a fire yet, but ill come back with those details later. As for the nylon sheath?  It does have a belt strap.  At first I didnt notice it, but I eventually found a loop to slide my belt through.  The tip can actually easily poke right through it.  I may just try to reinforce the bottom somehow to prevent the tip from poking through.  Other than that, it works well.  Theres a little pocket to fit the fire starter too. Blade:  3"Finger Groove:  1 1/2"Handle:  2 1/2"Total Grip Length:  4"Thickness:  3/16"Overall, why would I rate this knife at only 4 stars and enjoy it so much despite all the cons?  I dont know, maybe its the shape and size.  I mean I didnt expect much from the start.  Now if I payed much more for this knife, id be pretty disappointed.  But I didnt.  I wish that the blade was about an inch longer, but whatever.  So on that note, I recommend this knife.  Admittedly, I got interested in these types of knives after playing Metal Gear Solid 3.  Since I dont want to spend so much money on a Strider model HT or DB, this will have to do.  Actually, I think this knife is almost exactly the same in terms of shape to a Strider DB.  Interesting.  The CQC knife that Snake uses in Metal Gear Solid 3 is much closer to the Strider HT. By the way, the box it came in is extremely simple.  All white, a picture of the knife and striker, and "HUNTING KNIFE" in bold letters written on every side.  Inside, all it comes with is the knife, sheath, and stiker.  Thats it.  No bubble wrap or piece of paper.  I know its just the box, but I thought you should know.
