Does everything I need and more - SEE 2 UPDATES!
I have never had a BluRay player before this one so I can't compare it to other BluRay machines.  This player does offer superior picture quality to my Sony DVD player when playing standard DVDs.  And BluRay looks great on my new hi-def tv. Streaming Netflix works great (although I only tested the feature once as I mainly need a disc player).  Very satisfied. Feel it is a very good deal for the money. I have had positive experiences with other Samsung video products as well. UPDATE:I bought this in Nov 2012 and unfortunately my Amazon return period ended Jan 31.  The player has gotten very noisy, emitting a loud buzzing noise when loading and playing DVDs. It usually stops once you get past the disc menu but this noise has gotten worse over time. It's not the DVD disc, they play fine in my very old DVD machine and on my computer. I went to the Samsung website and went through the process of submitting a service request. After entering all of the data, uploading a copy of my Amazon receipt (which the form says is optional, but you can't submit the form without it!), and then pressing the final submit button, I was presented with a "data processing... please wait" message.  Half an hour later the message was still there.  I went back to my information page and my service request was never processed.  A huge waste of time.  I guess I'll be buying another player but I don't think it will be Samsung, even though I love my Samsung TV. Very unhappy that the player failed and with the Samsung service process. I am glad I bought the TV with an extended in-store service contract! UPDATE2:Samsung contacted me via email and offered to take care of my service request via phone. They apologized for the web issue I experienced. Now here's the weird thing - after picking up the unit and turning it over, looking for the serial number, I replaced it in the same spot.  Since then it has been working normally and without the loud buzzing sound. Doesn't give me much confidence in the product but at least it is working normally again. So I haven't sent it back yet as I don't want to deal with the hassle and cost of packing it up at the UPS store.
