A word to the wise..
As a broke college student I really feel compelled to write a review about this phone in particular (not the seller); I purchased the HTC thunderbolt at a Verizon store in Madison and initially, it was love at first sight. My brother had raved about it to me and sure enough, when I arrived in the store, it did not disappoint. The phone was sturdy and I actually initially preferred it to my iphone. This is what makes the HTC thunderbolt an even more disappointing experience; at it's core, it is truly a phenomenal phone. However, in time I began to have issues. The most glaring problem is the sheer and utter lack of battery life. I have always charged my phone overnight yet in the morning when I would take it to class the phone's battery life would begin to dissipate at an alarmingly fast rate. This is not the result of careless misuse of the phone; upon purchase I immediately got a case and protective screen cover, handling my device with the upmost case due to it's steep price.  At first, a whole night's worth of charging would only get me about two hours of use. Now, after a mere year in my possession, the moment I take it off my charger it tells me the battery is almost dead. And the worst part is, when I make a phone call, if I am not connected to the charger the thunderbolt will immediately close out the call and turn off. Just like that. so now I have to carry a charger with me at all times to maintain some semblance of functionality. As a matter off fact, what prompted me to write this review is that the phone closed out on me while charging just now. My experience made me question myself; I reasoned that there was no way people were shelling out this kind of money to receive such subpar results-I must have been given a defunct phone. But just today I spoke with a friend of me who went into a frustrated tirade about a phone she'd just purchased that kept shutting down on her while she was in the middle of a call. Sure enough, it was an HTC thunderbolt. There is no excuse for a phone of this price to deliver such mediocre results. Absolutely none. I have purchased an extended battery for mine but am counting the days till my upgrade so I can purchase another device. I guess the thing that really irks me is that if the company would take some time to fix these few glitches this would have been a five star experience, not a groan inducing annoyance. For all those looking into a new phone, please take your money elsewhere. If you're going to invest this kind of money for a phone, you deserve one of outstanding quality-the HTC thunderbolt does not fit the bill.
