Great bookbag, big main compartment, lots of pockets
I bought the larger, 17" version. The dimensions I saw when I bought it weren't right. The dimension that goes away from the back is not smaller than the stated 16" version, not that I wanted/want it to be. It's like they picked a different way of measuring it, or something. The side compartments could be bigger, like 2" taller/up the back dimension, and 2" more outward in the across the back dimension. The mesh gets a little worn out easily. These side pockets has material on the bottom inside that help prevent items from falling out, if you forget to zip it up.(this is ordered top to bottom, and going around outside vertically, then in)The pocket at the very top is really nice/usable, although with a 2cm to 1in longer zipper, so that it could fit my organizer in there perfectly(it fits, just doesn't go in there easily). I can use this pocket to put in my computer mouse, etc... It's really nice, but I'm not so sure on how good this pocket would be with the smaller version of this book bag, books in the main compartment might hit it. The main compartment is really big. It fits all my books, notebooks, binders, gym clothes, etc... Even when I feel like taking a lot of stuff with me, it'll still fit it all. It also has a mesh pocket on the other side that's away from the wearer's back. The big main pocket is the main reason I picked this book bag. The handle looks really strong, feels better if you keep a loose grip on it rather than a tight grip. If there nothing in the book bag, it can flop down at times, getting in the way of the main zipper. The picture looks like the top pocket is a single handle zipper, but it's really a two handle zipper, like I think it should be (<-not sure on the words to use for this, two handle, double handle, two way, etc...?), and this pocket goes all the way to the bottom. (just not the zipper part)The pocket on the bottom front is padded on the outside and has smaller pockets inside, etc... There's a mini pocket on the front of that pocket that's big enough to easily fit a 3"*5" note card pack, and some mechanical pencils/pens. (didn't try a non-mechanical unsharpened pencil)The bottom is padded. The back has a padded pocket on the bottom, good for holding snail mail letters to mail. The middle of the back is quite a bit looser than the rest of the back and doesn't have nearly as much padding, When I'm not wearing the book bag, and go over this area with my hand an fill what fills like wrinkles in that section. The outer cushions are fairly big, and I've only felt the wrinkles in the middle area maybe one time while wearing the book bag.(could have just been my shirt?) The top back and bottom cushion are kinda fraying a little. After using the book bag for a while, the shoulder straps, like most book bags, feels like it could need more cushioning. However, it does have this neat elasticy thing at the top that makes it feel better to catch a full book bag when taking it off, etc... The straps might be too long for a short, skinny person during the summer, and there isn't a waist, or a chest strap. The laptop pocket has an inner pocket for smaller computers, like my 15.4" laptop. There's a Velcro strap that I'm guessing is supposed to help if the book bag ever gets flipped upside down, however the ends of the velcro don't really meet that well with my size laptop, or smaller. They could just simply make the non-strap side longer, for it to work. There's an inner pocket at the top of the laptop area, I haven't figured out any good use for it. Don't want my laptop directly hitting anything hard. I've been in the rain with this book bag a few short times, and nothing gotten wet inside. Overall main pros:big main compartmenttop pocket/otherslooks nice, "stylish"elasticy part on shoulder strapsOverall main cons:back feels kind of weird? no belt, or chest strapsmight be too big for a person who's small, and/or doesn't carry muchside pockets could be bigger
