Breville Smart Oven Offers Advanced Cooking Technology and Saves Energy
The Breville BOV650 Smart Oven is a handy small appliance for the kitchen and it's a product that offers many improvements when compared to the typical toaster oven. With this appliance, consumers get a toaster oven with several exterior controls, enhanced technology, and a backlit LCD display, all combined in an attractive package that looks nice on most any kitchen countertop. Besides the outside appearance, this oven offers many other features that make it better than the average toaster oven. The oven comes complete with a wire rack and baking pan. This wouldn't seem like a big deal, since many toaster ovens have features like this, but the difference is that the rack and pan offered with this oven are much more durable and high quality than those found in other toaster ovens. With some of the cheaper toaster ovens, the included racks and pans are flimsy in design and not built to last. These accessories, on the other hand, are built to last. So, the accessories and exterior options are nice, but what about the cooking ability? The Breville BOV650 Smart Oven has this area covered as well. If one of the preset options is used, the oven remembers the setting and cooks exactly the same way, for perfect food every time. I like using this oven for bagels more than anything, but it is also very handy for heating up garlic bread, regular toast, muffins, and other items. The toasting is much better than what you get when you use a standard toaster because it toasts more evenly. There is one potential problem when using an oven like this, and that is its tendency to burn or overcook food. Because this oven is compact, the heat energy is better concentrated and thus it cooks food faster than a large oven. A good rule of thumb is to subtract about twenty percent of the standard cooking time from the recommended minutes when using a standard range. So, if a frozen food items calls for forty minutes of cooking time, reduce the number of minutes to about thirty- two. Other small adjustments may be needed or else food will come out of the oven overcooked. Toaster ovens are handy and the Breville BOV650 Smart Oven is easily better than the average. It helps to save energy when compared to a large kitchen range and it prepares food beautifully and quickly. Yes, it costs a little more than other toaster ovens but the quality is easily worth the price.
