Excellent value for the price
DPReview. com and TheDigitalPicture. Com both have extensive, in-depth reviews of the 60D, so I won't re-hash technical details here that the experts have already covered better than I could.  My review will just be a list of likes/dislikes and commentsWhat I like about the 60D:1. Fits and feels really nice in my hand, especially compared to Canon's Rebel line of DSLR's, which are smaller and feel too cramped to me.2. User can control just about every exposure parameter imaginable.  This camera will allow you to express your creativity in ways that you won't outgrow quickly.3. With "L" series lenses, the CMOS sensor in the 60D takes outstanding photographs. I suppose the 5D and 1D out-perform the 60D in several functional areas (besides their obvious megapixel advantages) but I doubt that I could shoot photos that were significantly better with a 5D.4. The flip-out LCD is a must-have for anyone who wants to shoot video. Also makes it much easier to shoot landscape photos with the camera right down on the ground (very dramatic landscapes can be shot this way).5. Very fast and responsive, certainly fast enough for landscape and general purpose photography. NOTE: The experts are generally of the opinion that the 60D's buffering and writing speed is "marginal" for sports photography. Dislikes:Only one so far: the video format of this camera is QuickTime MOV. I discovered a long time ago that QuickTime is one of the LEAST widely supported, and most difficult to edit, video standards. Most open-source editors like VirtualDub have no built-in support for it, requiring tedious and time-consuming conversion of the MOV file to AVI or MPEG before actual editing can even begin.  Also, the MOV files from the 60D seem to be awfully large, about 360 megabytes per minute for full-HD size, 30 fps.  After converting to AVI and re-encoding with XVid (at 5000 kbps), my finished videos are 1/3 to 1/2 the size of the original MOV with no visible loss of image quality. Setting XVid to 3000 kbps yields an AVI that is 1/4 the size of the original with only a slight image quality loss that most people would probably not even be aware of.  I assume that Canon chose this minimal level of compression deliberately, sacrificing file size economy for reduced in-camera processing and power consumption requirements. Just keep in mind that a 3 minute video clip from this camera is a full gigabyte, so if you shoot a lot of video, you will quickly use up even a large hard drive unless you re-process those MOV's to some other, more size-economical format. Who should buy a 60D:1. If you already have a kit of EF or EF-S lenses, and are looking to replace an older Canon DSLR that is 8 megapixels or less.2. If you don't need the specific benefits (like very shallow depth of field) that a "full-frame" sensor camera like the 5D or 1D can provide.3. If you want a back-up camera to a 5D or 1D that can be taken to places or into environments where you might not want to risk your more expensive full-frame camera. The 60D is priced only slightly higher than the T3i and feels much nicer in the hand. A professional used to a 5D or 1D would probably get along better with a 60D as a backup than with a T2i or T3i Rebel.4. As a first DSLR for someone upgrading from a point-and-shoot or film camera. I would skip over the Rebel line and go right for a 60D. You won't outgrow this camera for quite a while, and it's far more affordable than a 5D. NOTE: If you can squeeze enough cash out of your budget to buy "L" series lenses, DO IT!!! You will not be dissapointed. Canon's "L" series lenses are so much better than the basic consumer lenses in both image and build quality that they will last you a lifetime and you will never outgrow them. UPDATE JUNE 2012:I took the 60D to Death Valley National Park last winter and the camera performed flawlessly. It's versatility, in terms of focus and exposure settings, is incredible. Until Canon comes out with a 36 megapixel version of the 5D, (to compete with the Nikon D800), I don't see myself outgrowing the 60D. I still have not become totally proficient with the 60D as a video camera. Here's the problem: compared to most camcorders, the 60D has far less automation. For example, my Canon HV-20 camcorder, even in it's most basic configuration, reliably and _quickly_ sets and adjusts focus and exposure, so I rarely get a bad shot, even when hand-holding it: just aim and pan, and let the camera worry about everything else. The 60D can only auto-focus when you manually press the focus button, which places a noticeable discontinuity in the video. And of course it's not "continuous" auto-focus.  Exposure control is also tricky. To get automatic exposure, I think you have to set auto-ISO speed, otherwise you have to manually adjust f-stop and shutter, and the camera's mic clearly records the "CLICK" every time you turn either of the control dials. The 60D's video output is beautiful - if the settings are proper, and the lighting is adequate - especially with "L" series lenses. But, the learning curve to get those beautiful videos is MUCH steeper than with a purpose-built video camcorder. I have some more info on the 60D's video output. At maximum quality, which is 1920x1280, 30 fps, the camera's default average output bit rate is 45,000 kbps.  This bitrate produces huge files: a 500 gig laptop hard drive holds only 3.7 hours of HD video at the 60D's bitrate, which could be a problem for someone on a two week photo trip with only a laptop on which to store camera output. If you shoot a lot of video on your vacations, I recommend you bring an external hard drive of at least 2 terabytes to supplement whatever hard drive your laptop has. I also have difficulty playing these big files: Windows Media Player and VLC both drop frames and frequently skip, and this on a desktop computer running XP-64 with a 2.7 ghz dual-core CPU and 8 gigs of RAM. There is an alternative if you need to conserve disk space: reprocess the 60D's video to MPEG-4 AVI at a lower bitrate. After re-encoding with XVID (2-pass) at 10,000 kbps, my 60D's video still looks very good; edges and fine details are still sharp. Large areas of uniform color, like the sky, show barely perceptible compression artifacts (color banding), but I was looking for this problem - a casual viewer of the video would almost certainly not notice it.  The final file size was 24% of the original MOV file, and the file played much more smoothly in both VLC and Windows Media Player. Even at 4,000 kbps, the video is still pretty good, except that large areas of uniform color, like the sky, show strong compression artifacts (color banding), and sharp edges become slightly fuzzy. You might reduce the bitrate this low (and re-size to a smaller frame) if you needed to email a short clip, but the color banding would probably be objectionable for most other uses. If you are using VirtualDub and/or AVISynth for your video processing, you are probably already aware that these tools will not load MOV files with the codecs and plugins they come with. I tried a dozen different plugins and 4 codec packs and could not get my 60D MOV files to load into VirtualDub.  I have finally found two solutions that work:  a. a small freeware video converter called "MP4Cam2AVI" version 2.98.  This is a very simple program that does only one thing, and does it well: it repackages MOV files into AVI files, either losslessly (without re-encoding either the video or audio), or, you can optionally re-encode the video to XVID MP4 and the audio to MP3. It even lets you configure XVID's bitrate and maximum keyframe intervals!  I chose the "no-re-encode" option. The processing was extremely fast, only a few seconds for a 250 megabyte MOV file, and the output AVI was exactly the same size as the original MOV, so no loss of data. Best of all, it loaded into VirtualDub first time, with no problems or error messages, and I was then able to do any kind of editing I wanted.  Another nice feature of this software is that it is stand-alone (portable), and does not require "installation" into Windows, so it doesn't fool with Windows  registry, and it will run from a flash drive or CD/DVD.  To download it, Google "MP4Cam2AVI". I found it on SoftPedia.  b. Pazera Free MOV2AVI Converter. This software offers similar features to MP4Cam2AVI, but the user interface is a little simpler. It also has a good File Info feature. UPDATE December 2012. I now have a 70-200 f2.8L USM lens.  On my first field trip with it, to Death Valley National Park last month, I tried some night photography.  It was a moonless night and I was able to get some very nice shots of the starlit sky over the Amargosa Range. However, I discovered a problem with night photography with the 60D and autofocus EF lenses: If the subject is so dark that the camera's focus sensors can't detect anything to focus on, the camera will refuse to open the shutter.  It won't even operate on BULB setting. I looked through every menu setting and made certain that the camera and the lens were both set up for full manual exposure and focus control, and nothing I tried would let me make an exposure, on BULB or any other shutter speed, with the new 70-200 lens if the scene illumination was extremely dark. I finally replaced the 70-200 with my Rokinon 85mm f1.4, a non-electronic, full-manual lens, and the camera then let me take BULB exposures.  I can't explain this except to assume that the camera's operating system has apparently been programmed to work this way.  It was disappointing that I could not use my best lens to capture the night sky shots that I wanted. UPDATE May 2013. I have just discovered an issue with converting the camera's MOV video files to AVI: you lose all of the metadata!  If you view the File Info of your MOV videos in Canon Zoom Browser or Digital Photo Professional, you will see that all of usual "shooting info" is embedded in the file header (Time, Date, Lens, Aperture, Shutter Speed, Owner Name, etc). Unfortunately, none of the MOV to AVI video conversion programs I have tried preserve this metadata. The only workaround I have found is to export the "shooting info" for each video you plan toconvert, as a Text file, from Zoom Browser, and name the text file the same as the photo.  There may be some program out there that append Exif Metadata to an AVI but I haven't found one yet. Also, be forewarned that setting the Movie Recording exposure mode to "Auto" will allow the camera to set whatever ISO speed it wants to; this may turn out to be very high in low light situations, 3200 for example, which will result in very noisy image quality.  If you want to retain control of the ISO setting, you have to set Movie Recording Exposure Mode to "Manual", then experiment with shutter speed and aperture settings to get the exposure level you want.  If you have the camera on a tripod, don't forget to turn off the Image Stabilizer, otherwise you will actually hear it as a buzzing noise in the video.
