Very handy, high-quality Internet camera
We purchased our Dropcam a few weeks before a three-week vacation away from home.  We don't have a full-blown security system because we're home pretty much all the time.  All of the possessions that were not locked safely away are located in the living room (HDTV, router, DVR, USB hard drives, etc.), so I bought the Dropcam because it has HD picture quality, night vision, wireless communication to router for remote access, and DVR capability at the company's servers.  I set it up on the mantel, peeping through some garland there, ran the power line across the top of the mantel and down the other side to an outlet, and pointed the camera directly at the end of the room where the equipment is located.  We wouldn't necessarily prevent a burglary, but we would have a very clear picture of the burglars (at least until they unplugged the router).  I was very happy with the result.  I could check on the status of the house any time I wanted (even receiving event notifications on my smartphone when the mailman walked past the front picture window).  Of course, a major feature is that you need not have a PC in your home and booted all the time to monitor the camera.  We signed up for the 30-day DVR plan, and dropped it upon returning from vacation.  There is also a 7-day DVR plan, but we are always here, so we're not using (or paying for) any DVR capability now.  We didn't use the 2-way audio capability, but it would have come in handy if I had checked on the status while burglars were in the house.  I'm very, very happy with the unit.  There are many potential uses for it, depending on the layout of your home or office.  It has been working fine for 3 months now with no problems at all.  The only additional feature that I could ask for would be the ability to raise/lower and scan the camera remotely, but this would certainly add significantly to the price of the unit, and would warrant a whole new model in addition to the one we bought.
