I actually LOVE this toaster!
Yes, I see all the negative reviews, but it's still been a good experience for me, for almost 5 years now.  I bought mine at Crate and Barrel when they first came out, mostly because it was the only 4-slice toaster they had (didn't have a car back then, and couldn't easily get farther than the C&B around the corner to check out other options).  I had made do without a toaster for years in my tiny studio, originally using a toaster oven that had also given up the ghost a while back, and had thus been toastless for quite some time when my hubby moved in and complained.  He was thrilled to get this for his birthday, because he usually has 4 slices of toast for breakfast each morning, under his fire-roasted tomatoes topped with a couple of eggs.  Eventually I began to reacquaint myself with the luxury of toast and also became a fan. We've since moved to a (slightly!) larger place where this toaster reigns over its own corner of the counter right next to the stainless induction stove and looks quietly gorgeous.  But it's also a workhorse, still producing toast for my husband once or twice a day as well as the occasional toast and especially bagels (which it does wonderfully) for me.  We've never had any trouble with it.  My husband loves the dark color it produces for his morning extravaganza, and I find it pretty easy to judge how dark the toast will get from noticing the position of the convenient knobs and to pop the slices up just a little early to check, or to put them back down again briefly if I misjudge.  I confess it doesn't easily handle long narrow slices such as those from my favorite round artisan loaves, but we've both gotten used to popping one end of a slice into the slot when we first start toasting, then reversing the bread halfway through the cycle to toast the other end.  It comes out fine.  I'm so relieved to see that if this little darling ever gives up, I can replace it with the identical model from Amazon! Oh, I forgot -- it also serves admirably as an extra heat-tolerant shelf in our still small kitchen, frequently holding a hot pan full of food while others are being shifted on the adjacent stove.  How many toasters, or toaster ovens for that matter, are sturdy enough to do that even if they have a large stainless steel top surface?  Paradoxical, I know, but it turns out that if you don't have much room you need this large toaster!  :)
