Excelent, it gave me alot of ideas
I believe this book is a must for any writer, not just for science fiction and fantasy writers. In particular, the chapter on story construction, I believe, is for every writer, but let me start at the start. Chapter One, The Infinite BoundaryThis chapter just explains the differences between science fiction and fantasy. A nice introduction, however all it does is make you understand a bit more about the genre you plan to write in. Being Australian, it had references to magazines and anthologies that I perhaps have a very slim chance of reading, and if I ever do get a chance to, I'd probably have to morgage the house to afford them. Hence, I guess this chapter wasn't much use. Chapter 2, World Creation. This, and the next chapter, are what makes the book worth it. It emphasises the fact that your world within your story has to make sense. It has to have rules. Chapter 3, Story ConstructionAfter, no during, this section, I just got out my pen and started jotting down all these ideas I had for my story. Maybe that is why I am raving so much about this book - because it helped me, and it helped me immediatly. I think my stories will be so much more from having read this. Chapter 4, Writing WellAlso another good chapter. This chapter made me think about how I had handled some aspects of my story, and gave me a few ideas on how to improve. However, over all this chapter is mostly common sense. Chapter 5, The Life and Business of WritingThis chapter was not much use to me. it mainly concerns with the opertunities within the American market, something which I hope to crack through one day, but after being an established writer in Australia ;) However, don't put the book down! There was a nice little idea called the "Wise Reader", which I think i might try! Overall, Orson Scott Card is a VERY readable writer. And the fact that this book is only 140 pages long, I got through it in just over an hour, so it wont delay you from writing for too long!!!
