Review of the Yongnuo (YN-560 II)
I searched amazon for a while looking for a good speedlite on a low budget. I came upon the YN-560 II and i'm glad I did. To start off let me say that this is a fully manual flash, so it requires some knowledge of DSLRs. I purchased this for my Canon T3i and it works great. Note that this isn't a Canon product, so it won't work completely with the Camera. In the menu screen it said's that the Speedlite can not be recognized, but it works. The way to make it work is too look through the viewfinder on the Camera, and not the live sceen view mode. This can be a pain for people who are used to viewing through the screen, but if not then this is good for you. Another thing that I should mention is that Speedlites swivel for a reason. They turn a lot of different ways because the red sensor on the front of the speedlite is what sends the Camera the signal when in Slave mode ( when using off camera flash). The red sensor must be facing the camera in order for it to fire when you press the shutter button, otherwise the flash simply isn't going to go off. This Speedlite requires 4 AA Batteries, so if you are going to be using it a lot I would think about investing in some rechargeable batteries for it. The flash it's self is seems very durable and works great! Again, you have to be familiar with things such as Aperature ( F 5.6, 11, etc.), Shutter Speeds ( 1/1, 1/160/ 1/200/ etc), and ISO ( ISO 400, ISO 800, ISO 1600, etc). The flash also has outputs. They start with 1/1, 1/2, 1/4, 1/8/ 1/16, 1/32, 1/64/ and 1/128. These are basically how much light the flash is going to let out. When using the flash I would recommend bouncing the light off of say a roof to get a softer light on the subject or if you have photography umbrellas to soften light, then that works too. The speedlite also has "zoom" depending on how far away your subject is. If they are close you can use up to 18mm with the diffuser or 25 mm without it and up to 105 mm. If you know what your doing or if you simply want some practice with manual flashes this is a great Speedlite and I definitely recommend it to you. If you want an automatic flash they are a bit more expensive, but it will be a great investment because it saves you the time to change all the settings manually. I rate this product 5 stars out of 5 stars for great efficiency. I hope this review helped you out, if you have any questions feel free to comment.
