Very nice powerful laptop with minor problems
I purchased this laptop from Amazon around a month ago. I planned to use it for analyzing my data in Matlab and gaming. Mainly as desktop replacement, but also for travels to conferences, collaborators, etc. I think I made the right choice, since up to now I am completely satisfied. Computer performance is extraordinary good, design is neat, keyboard is good. I experienced one unpleasant problem which I managed to solve. The computer every now and then (couple of times in an hour or so) makes a latency spike for about 1-2 sec, during which nothing works and if you happen to listen to music or watching a movie, it will make horrible screeching sound. I am pretty tolerant person, so I didn't care until this thing started to interfere with my League of Legend tournaments (2 sec lag in a wrong place equals to loosing a 45 min game). So I went online, and found this thread on the Republic of Gamers forum rog. asus. com/forum/showthread. php?14960-G75VW-random-audio-and-graphics-spike). It turns out that many people have this problem with G75. Someone on the forum reported that uninstalling McAfee antivirus worked for him. I tried and it worked for me too. I do not experience this problem anymore. But I have to warn you that some other people report that this solution doesn't work for them. There are other minor problems, which I want to report.1. When the computer came, the bottom rim of the screen was detached, that is, disconnected from the screen itself. I fixed it by gently pushing onto the rim, so the holders on the other side went inside the corpus where they belong.2. Sometimes, if I use a headset, the computer doesn't give audio output into earphones, but instead gives it to the speakers (sometimes both speakers and earphones at the same time). So I have to unplug headset and plug it in again.3. Touchpad works strange in double touch mode. It is supposed to implement mac-like scrolling with double touch, but it works only half of the time. I found that it works better if you touch it sort of ridiculously gentle, like almost to pressure at all. Well, anyway I don't use this function. Update-02/12/2013: Still very satisfied. Had no further problems, computer works very stable. Problem with headset has been solved in latest audio card patch. Touchpad scrolling works fine too, turns out I wasn't using it right: for bottom-up scrolling you are supposed to make double touch in vertical axis, but I was making in horizontal.
