I hate washing dishes.  Of all the household chores, I hate this one most of all.  Toilet, floor, rugs, windows.... fine.  Dishes: Hate them!  Part of this has to do with their relentlessness--- no matter how many you wash in a day, the next day there will be just as many.  It's a Sisyphean (and thankless) task that sucks my will to live! I needed a solution, and thought I had found it in the Koldfront portable dishwasher. Wrong! It doesn't work.  And customer support was totally unhelpful. Let me explain. The dishwasher is larger than it seems in the picture, and didn't quite fit on my countertop.  This is my bad, since I should have looked at the specs before ordering.  This was a minor annoyance that I got around by buying a small cart for it.  It fit nicely on the cart, and could be wheeled to the sink when it was time to wash dishes.... which I tried to do for the first time yesterday. The instructions were pretty simple and very clear: screw the quick connect hose on to your kitchen sink spigot, turn the hot water on, add soap, and turn it on.  However, when I attempted to attach the hose on to my spigot, it DID NOT FIT!  It was TOO BIG for the spigot.. the spigot was too small. OK, so before freaking out, I called the help line at the company. I explained to the man on the phone--- a very articulate, youngish-sounding, native-English-speaking man-- the problem I was having. His response was, matter of factly: "Oh, yes, sometimes the hose doesn't fit the spigot."  Like, "end of story, OK?  Can I help you with anything else?"My response was: "So.... is there anything I can do about this?""Sometimes the hose doesn't fit the spigot.  We tried our best to select the most common size, but sometimes it doesn't fit.  I've never heard of a spigot being too small.  Hm.  How interesting.""But... is there a workaround or something?  An adaptor I can buy?""No."(silence)"So that's it then? There is nothing I can do?""You can buy a new spigot for the sink.""I can't do that.  I live in an apartment...."(silence)"So, besides that, I should just send it back, then?""Sometimes the hose doesn't fit the spigot.  You have the option of sending it back.""Uhh... OK.  Thanks for the information.""You're welcome."*click*No enthusiasm.  No way to try to work with me on this.  Very "take it or leave it."Guess what? I'm gonna leave it. Thanks for nothing, Koldfront!!!!! Sheesh.
