Getting the Most from the Image
First there was Photoshop that became the gold standard for photo processing. Then, when digital photography caught on, Adobe added the Camera Raw plug-in. More recently Adobe offered photographers Lightroom, a piece of software designed from the ground up for photographers, although many image smiths have found it useful to process first in Lightroom and then finish up in Photoshop. Jeff Schewe now presents us with a book that concentrates on how to manipulate images with these pieces of software to get the best possible photograph. After an examination of the nature of the digital image and a history and overview of raw processing, he addresses the fundamental controls in Lightroom and Camera Raw, which offer, for the most part, the same features, although Lightroom offers a more convenient interface as well as other features, like archiving and website creation. Schewe emphasizes what is accomplished rather than the particular look of a control, and while he generally leads with Lightroom, also shows how to accomplish the same tasks with Camera Raw. Next he shows how to use these controls with particular examples, doing more with Lightroom than most people would even consider, to get the "hero" image. He then goes on to explain how to follow-up in Photoshop for those extra tweaks that are not readily available in Lightroom or Camera Raw. (Most of the Photoshop discussion is about Schewe's own tweaks, rather than general instruction in Photoshop.) There is little discussion of primary adjustments, or layers, or making selections, except to show how a particular image can be enhanced in Photoshop. He finishes the book with a general discussion of workflow. Because there are so many similar features in Lightroom, Camera Raw and the main Photoshop, such as tonal adjustment, it might be easy to confuse the uses of each piece of software for similar tasks, but Schewe does a good job of distinguishing the applications. His writing style is clear and friendly with the lightest dash of humor. I was quite amazed at the amount of manipulation of the image that Schewe does. Before reading this book, I barely ever used the contrast control in Lightroom, but now I understand why it is near the top of the basic panel, and am freer with that slider. Moreover, some of the local adjustments that he makes in raw processing, I would certainly have left for Photoshop, but now I am convinced are worth trying with Lightroom. I have found that to make these edits without frustration in Lightroom rather than Photoshop requires a powerful computer, but Schewe even suggests ways to speed up Lightroom processing. Although the publisher suggests this book falls into the beginner, intermediate and advanced levels, I would not start out a beginner with this book. However, once the photographer has learned the basics of image processing, this book will certainly help to teach one to get the most out of the software for better images.
