Awesome
The excitement had been building for a couple of days. Finally the day had come. We were going to see the Imax 3D Avatar experience on the opening day for the 11:30 matinee.  We piled in the car and drove the 20 plus miles into town to the downtown IMAX theater. We got our popcorn and drinks and picked up our 3D glasses. Entering the screen room, we were pleasntly surprised to find good seats right in the middle about half way up. Everyone was chattering away and I could feel the anticipation in the air. We enjoyed the previews for upcoming movies, especially the 3D preview for the upcoming Alice in Wonderland, with the Cheshire Cat floating in front of your nose. Then the movie started and we sat mesmerized, no.... stunned is a better word, right up to the very end. I have two words to describe this movie: Absolutely Astounding! James Cameron out did himself with this movie. The color, the effects, the acting were superb. There are a lot of big special effects movies these days and for most of them, that's the most you can say. But like all of Cameron's films, this one has a great story. The actors are so convincing in their roles that you become involved in their lives. When a movie can elicit deep emotions from the audience like anger, concern, sadness, and joy for the characters then it can only be regarded as a great film. I thought Segourney Weaver did an outstanding job, as always, playing the gruff Dr. Grace Augustine. I liked the way her personality shifts, when she is in her avatar Na'vi body, to the sweet and concerned teacher of children. And I can't say enough about the performance of Zoe Saldana, unknown to me before this movie, for her portrayal of the Na'vi "princess" Neytiri. The passion, expression, and emotion she puts into this role makes her alien character totally believable. I will not talk about the plot for this movie because I don't like revealing spoilers. Suffice it to say that if you choose not to see this movie, especially in 3D and if possible in IMAX, then you will be missing a singularly unique experience you may never get another chance at. I doubt that any 3D DVD or blu-ray version that comes out could possibly do this film justice. Recall the dismal failures for the Polar Express and Journey to the Center of the Earth. Now, after writing this review, I realize I have to go and see it again. I know my kids will want to.
