What can I say? Not a high-end, well-constructed product, as other reviewers have noted, but it does what it says it does and does it well. I have used canister vacs for years because of all my small area carpets and throw rugs, and have generally kept a very short loop carpet under them. When I moved, all I could find to put under my area rugs that I could get installed in my new place in time was a short wool pile. After pulling up the old loop carpet upon moving out and seeing all the fine dirt that had sifted through, I just knew that a canister wasn't going to do the trick here, especially with all that wool carpets shed. I bought this vacuum to get up all the dirt through the longer pile and get up all the shedded fibers I knew my new carpet was going to produce. Yes, the bags do fill up quickly, especially if you have a new carpet like I do. But that is exactly what I bought this cleaner for. Would those of you who complain about the bags filling up too quickly really rather have all that filth and/or lint in a vacuum bag or on your floors??!!  It has all the suction one could want and then some. It filled up one bag per cleaning for the first several vacuum sessions (for about 200 sq ft of carpet), but has now slowed down to one bag per two vacuums. (I ordered lots of extra bags when I ordered the vacuum, and recommend others do the same!) My carpet looks spectacular after every vacuum. Despite owning four indoor dogs! I do not find that the edge cleaner is a stellar performer, but I still have my canister for that. I don't find, as other reviewers have, that this is a heavy cleaner. It is easy for me to carry around, easy to maneuver, and virtually propels itself. It fits under all but my lowest furniture, and the light is a tremendous help under the bed. Although the suction power is enormous, if you follow instructions and tilt it back at the edges of area rugs, you won't have a problem. You must still, however, exercise extreme caution around fringes, wires, and other objects that might tear off or become entangled in the rotator brush. Knock on wood, my cleaner hasn't eaten anything it shouldn't yet. But I am sure it will if I give it a chance! As for the several reviewers who have complained about the cord getting in the way, they should read the instructions as well, and clip the cord to the little clip near the handle. The cord won't get in the way at all then! However, just when I was going to say I didn't have any problems with the cover falling off, mine did. It stays on well enough, however, and if there comes a time when it doesn't, I'll just tape it on like one other reviewer does. I see the complaints about attachment use, but can't comment, as I use my canister for those chores, which makes much more sense. Basing my review on quality and construction, I have to give this product 4 stars. However, based on value for the dollar, it certainly deserves 5. I paid more for my old canister 9 years ago, and paid even more for its used replacement, in which I am sorely disappointed, a few months ago. If this vacuum lasts two years or more, I am sure it would have to go to 5 stars, no matter what. Update: I've changed my review to 5 stars. It's been nearly four years since I purchased this vacuum cleaner. It's still going strong. Now that the carpet is finished shedding, the bags fill up at a normal rate. I had to change the belt once, when the vacuum sucked up the edge of something (can't remember what anymore) and it broke. But replacing it was easy even for me (not mechanically inclined at all). The cover still falls off occasionally, but I haven't had to resort to taping it on. I still feel that this vacuum is a great value for the money.
