stops working/ horrible customer service.
This is an account of my experience with Philips and their awful customer service over the past 3 months. First, a little background information on me.  I am a 30 year old stay at home mom, with two small children (a 2 year old and a 3 year old).  My family recently relocated to Cleveland so we are often taking 4-8 hour road trips to visit grandparents.  Portable dvd players are a life saver. Which is what I thought of the product when I first purchased it in June. However, after 3 months of use, the dvd players would stop after running for a couple hours, then one stopped reading discs completely.  A couple weeks before Thanksgiving I called in my first complaint.  The customer service rep was polite, took my information and told me she would issue me a new player.  Perfect!  Right? A couple weeks before Christmas I still hadn't received the promised product.  I called again.  I was told that the warehouse had been undergoing inventory and that my tracking info had been lost.  She would send a request to corporate and they would either find my product or send me a new one.  Annoying but at least I thought I was getting somewhere. January 15 I called again, when I had neither heard anything or received the DVD players.  The customer service rep told me the same thing, she would escalate the issue to corporate.  I asked to speak with a manager and got Megan.  Megan was sympathetic.  She couldn't believe this happened and told me she would do all she could, to escalate my case to the person who could actually send me a player.  She said the issue would be resolved in a couple days and I would be contacted. I gave Megan a week to fix my problem, but when I still hadn't heard anything I called on 1/22.  I asked if my product had shipped.  The customer service rep said no and that she would escalate my issue to corporate once again. I asked for a manager and got Megan again.  Megan said she remembered speaking with me.  She said that it didn't look like much progress had been made.  She said that she would give me the info about starting the refund process.  (Great... more hoops to jump through).  I asked for her managers contact info.  She said she couldn't give that out.  I asked for the contact info for corporate customer relations.  She said all she had was the physical address for the corporate office.  Irate I got the information and hung up. I have send in my receipt for my refund via email on 1/22/2013..  I am hoping this process goes along more smoothly than my attempts to get my dvd players replaced.  I have contacted Amazon. com and let them know that Philips does not stand behind their product/warranty and gives the customer the run around to the point where most people would give up. Save your time and energy and buy another brand!!!!
