"People change as much as oceans"
Somewhere, I read a quote of Neil Gaiman that encapsulates what I feel has been his whole career.  He said, "Adults need fairy tales too."  Perhaps I am misquoting him, thus is the slippery nature of memory that he explores in his new adult novel, _The Ocean at the End of the Lane_. I had no expectations for what this book would be about before I cracked the spine.  The fact that he had a new book out was enough for me to implicitly trust his imagination and skill in storytelling to but it sight unseen.  I was not disappointed. Wait, that is a lie.  It's over, and the novelty is gone.  I just finished it though, and I do have to say that this is one of the few books that I've read that I want to turn it over and start from page one again.  I it is thin, only about 180 pages, and Gaiman pulls you along so that those pages only feel like half  the length it actually is. What is the book about though?  It starts out as a relatively realistic novel.  A man returns to a childhood home for a funeral.  While there, he is inexplicably drawn to a house, and the pond at the house.  That's the first eighteen pages.  I thought it was going to be less of a fantasy story than some of his other books at this point, and even then I caught myself looking up from the page and exclaiming to no one in particular that Neil is a very good writer. The first eighteen pages of the unnamed man are just a frame to the story.  Standing at the pond sparks the man's memories of and adventure he had, right after his seventh birthday (as an aside, this part feels like an homage to Lewis Carroll, who's Alice has adventures at about the same age.  I think she was a year younger though). No brief description I can give will do the work justice. What I can say is that Gaiman is a master at capturing a certain sort of childhood.  Some of his most memorable protagonists view the world from about three feet off the ground, in Bod, Coraline, and the main character here. (I realized at page 135 that I didn't know the character's name at all.  I could be remiss, but that seems to be a deliberate choice by the author. There is a point where he is addressed by a nickname, but that is an evil being impersonating his father.)  Gaiman's kids are a mixture of joy and wonder cut deep with a heavy melancholy - I don't know about you, but I can relate to these solitary, bookish boys and girls. And ultimately, that's what makes Gaiman's writing so wonderful and accessible.  The characters are so fully realized, and developed and relatable that no matter what fabulous things happen to them, you are them.  This identification is helped in this book.  It is told in the first person, and the ego is string here.  There is noticeable amount of the first person singular, and the protagonist has some self-awareness, letting the narrative voice say that he saw himself as the most important thing in the universe. Overall, I have to give this book the highest praise.  I just finished it, and I really considered calling in to work so I could read it again and be that child again.  Regrettably, I had to make adult choices.  At least I have my fairy tales.
