Great for kids and the car
I was on the hunt for a new DVD player that my toddler could use both in and out of the car. She is rear-facing, and the RCA DRC69705 7-Inch Dual Screen Mobile DVD System we had don't have batteries. That wouldn't be a big deal, except the car chargers aren't long enough to reach the back of the backseats, so I ended up rigging a mirror and putting the players on the back of the front seats. It was a pain, to say the least. Plus, those were hit-and-miss (they had to be at such an angle to actually play a DVD, not anywhere near straight up and down.)So what I wanted in a new portable DVD player: 1) a battery 2) a screen that flipped so my kid can't mess with the buttons and open the player all the time 3) a sturdy car mount 4) preferably a player with memory so it'd pick up where the DVD left off instead of starting all over (another thing the RCAs don't do.) This Audiovox fit the bill. There are a couple other players out there that could also work, but I chose this one because of the car mount. I am very pro-car safety and don't want a DVD player to go flying off in an accident and end up killing my child. I also liked the quick-release feature, as I don't want to leave the player sitting out in my car for someone to steal. The mount for this works perfectly in my Prius; it's made of plastic and connects around the headrest poles using 4 screws. (Because of the way it connects, it'll only work for people with removable headrests.) The piece that actually holds the player can be removed, leaving the horizontal mount attached to the headrest so you can just pop the holding piece with the player right back on. It's genius, and IMO the real selling point of this player. The holding piece can be rotated however you want, and then you twist the knob to keep it at that angle. Very simple, but a thousand times better than players with just velcro straps that force you to remove the whole shebang to hide the player (coughRCAcough.)DVDs start up quick and play just fine on here. Is it HD/Blu-Ray? No, but it is perfectly acceptable for the price and for my purpose. It charges pretty quickly and holds a charge as it says it does. As others have mentioned, it does come with a carrying bag (woohoo!), 2 over-the-ear headphones, a headphone splitter, a remote with battery, a wall charger, and a car charger. You get a lot for the money, but like I said, the best part is the car mount, hands down. I'm very pleased with my purchase!!
