Sony BDP-S580 Blu-ray Disc Player- If you have connection problems try this.
I purchased this at a great price! Delivery was very quick! I had a problem setting up and connecting to the internet because of distance and walls from our router. I called Fios because I was getting an error message that the WEP Key I was entering was not the right amount of characters. However I was entering the correct WEP Key and Fios advised me to call Sony. Sony actually figured out that my siganl was weak by asking what I saw on my TV screen under signal strength. They advised me to move the router closer. I called Fios back because I could not move the router any closer. They told me to check to see if I could get setup in the room with the router just to be sure the Disc Player wasn't the problem. If it wasn't they told me I would need a booster for the signal (costs about $80) or run a wired connection. I was able to setup and connect in the room with our router, no problem. I priced boosters and also looked up how to boost a signal on the internet. One site mentioned something about your router being close to the floor. It said to move it higher and point the antenna in the direction you wanted the signal to be stronger. Our router was on the bottom shelf of a TV stand. I decided to try this before spending money on a signal booster or wiring since I already setup the Disc Player to connect from the other room. It worked! The signal strength still does not show a strong signal but I think because I setup the Disc Player from the room with the router it may have made a difference. I don't know for sure but its worth a try if you are having problems connecting before spending money on a booster or setting up a wired connection or returning the Disc Player. Using it is a pleasure. There is a slight delay when you first turn it on but nothing compared to my PC. Didn't need to read how to go through the menus. If you use a computer you already know. The picture and sound quality are great, especially compared to my old dvd player. I have a Sony Bravia tv so I don't even need my TV remote to change the input. I am very happy with the product and would definitely purchase from this seller again.
