A nice, though not professional quality, knife set
Chicago Cutlery produces several lines of cutlery and Metropolitan is their budget line. I already knew this so I wasn't expecting fine knives, but these are surprisingly better that I would have thought. Included in the set is a large, hardwood block, a honing steel, kitchen shears, eight 4.5" steak knives, a 2.75" peeler, a 3.5" parer, a 4.75" Partoku, a 5" boning knife, a 5.5" utility knife, a 6.75" Santoku, a 7.5" chef's knife, an 8" slicer, and a 9" bread knife. (The Partoku is Chicago Cutlery's name for this knife, which is a cross between a paring knife and a Santoku knife.)The block is large, measuring 6 1/4"W x 12 1/2"H x 12 1/4"D, so it will take up some room on your counter. It's heavy and is one of the nicest components of this set. The kitchen shears are exceptional! They are truly some of the best I've ever had. The knives all feature a full tang - meaning the blade runs all the way through the middle of the handle, which is attached with 3 rivets. The handles are nicely shaped and have good weight. The handles are a black, polymer material and are well finished. The blades are stamped, high-carbon stainless steel. (Stamped knives are the most inexpensive to manufacture and unless the steel is of very high quality, they tend to dull quickly.) All of the blades are very lightweight. This may be a plus for folks who have trouble wielding a big, heavy knife. There are no bolsters on these knives, as bolsters are only on forged blades. (A bolster is a thick ridge at the end of the blade where it meets the handle. It is designed to prevent hand slippage and reduce hand fatigue.)In my use of these knives, I find the steel to be a little soft and so the edge has a tendency to roll. I recommend using the included honing steel every time you use one of your knives. It only takes a couple of seconds and makes a huge difference in performance, especially with inexpensive knives. They arrive quite sharp and take an edge well. I suspect that they will need to be sharpened fairly regularly so I would purchase an AccuSharp Knife Sharpener With Replacement Blades to go with this set. I would also be careful not to put these knives in the dishwasher. The handles could probably take it fine, but the blades would likely suffer for it and might even develop some light rust spots due to the inexpensive materials used. Chicago Cutlery also warrants their knives for life. It is a well-known brand that has been around for a long time so this warranty is likely to be upheld. This set is sort of an entry level item, with some nice features. I would say it would be best for someone setting up a household for the first time or for someone outfitting a temporary living arrangement. These knives will not please someone who is used to high quality knives or who does a lot of chopping and cutting on a daily basis, but they are decent enough for starting out and they have a nice assortment. I give this set 3 stars because the box and the product page claims professional quality knives, which is vague and misleading. If they advertised these knives as a budget or value package, I would enthusiastically give them a 4-star rating because it is quite a nice set if you know that these are not top-quality knives that will last you a lifetime.
