Good, but with some moderate design flaws
I know this product got many, many good reviews, and I would agree with the majority of the ones I've read.  However, there are some design flaws that should be addressed by the manufacturer. First, the brackets that actually hold the TV (the ones attached to the back of the television) rely on only three things to stay on the wall mount: gravity and two small bolts that screw upward into the bottom part of the mount.  It's a very poor design because the bolts don't actually screw into anything, such as a hole or a nut.  The flat end of the bolts simply press against the flat surface of the mount.  I don't believe this will hold the TV from sliding left and right over time as the bolts loosen, and as we push and pull on the sides of the television to change the angle. Second, tilting the unit up and down is very awkward, and is obviously not designed to be something you would do often or quickly.  There are two brackets which allow for tilt.  Unfortunately, they are difficult to access and adjust.  On each bracket, one side is held by a bolt that has a sliding hand turner for tightening.  This would be fine except that it is in such a tight space that it is slow and tedious.  The opposite side of the bracket does not even have this.  It has a nut and bolt that must be tightened with a screwdriver and a wrench.  This means you have to pull the TV quite far away from the wall - or lift it off the mount completely - to change the tilt.  Again, very poor design. There is definitely some sag to the unit.  We noticed as soon as we mounted the TV.  The top sits about 3 inches farther away from the wall than the bottom.  Our TV is only 96 pounds, and this unit is rated to hold 165 pounds, so it is not all that it claims to be. Other than that we are happy with it so far.  It does seem fairly sturdy (beyond the sag), and we love the amount of swivel and how far out from the wall it comes (although I would not recommend extending a heavy TV to the full 19 inches it is capable of). Overall it's a good value for the price we paid (about $70).
