A good, readable, entertaining, provocative sci-fi, marred by fundamental defects.
A good, readable, entertaining, provocative sci-fi, marred by fundamental defects. I enjoyed it. Some of the good points:* Imaginative and stimulating premise: the Earth wrapped in a planetary baggie, stuck in temporal molasses, time slowed down orders of magnitude relative to normal space.* Artificially accelerated extraterrestrial evolution as a survival strategy* Well drawn, motivated characters* Believable interpersonal interactions* Well-written dialog and description. Delightful surprises of memorable phrasing. No criticism below should discourage anyone from reading this book. My negative points are personal reactions.1) The book promotes the pessimistic Thomas Malthus - Paul Ehrlich premise of "limits to growth". If you believe that there are absolute, universal, Gaia-decreed limits imposed on human material expansion, you will take no issue ("It's not nice to fool Mother Nature"). But if you believe (like David Deutsch) that man is limited only by the laws of physics and his own ingenuity, then Wilson's invocation of the dangers of population growth as a central plot element is unconvincing.2) There is a great deal of personal trauma-drama going on in Tyler's life, only loosely related to the sci-fi current of the novel. Diane's willing victimization by a simple-minded religious cult is believable (there are many brilliant fools), but not very engaging to me. After a decade or so of frustration, why doesn't Tyler just say "chuck it" and find himself a real woman who is not an easily-duped doormat?3) The evils of a fundamentalist Christian cult are contrasted with the virtues of science and humanism. I sense a tendency by the literary smart set to take easy shots at people whose faith is not informed by the values of the Harvard Faculty Lounge. Christianity somehow falls outside the protection of political correctness extended to other beliefs in our multi-cultural society. The only Christians on evidence in the book are either fools, hypocrites or brutes; in contrast, one of the heroines is a moderate Muslim. Perhaps Wilson has no hidden animus here (I am not familiar with his views); but it grates on me nonetheless.
