A few months ago, the lid on my big of junk $10 plastic can from Walmart broke. Being a cheapskate I tried to continue to use the can by lifting the lid each time. It became increasingly frustrating as old habits died hard and I kept trying to hit the button to flip the lid, causing the whole thing to come crashing down time and time again. It was time for a new trash can and away I went to Amazon to look at my options. I kept scanning this can, which I knew would match perfectly with my decor, but shied away from its seemingly hefty price tag. I mean, it's just a trash can right? How can you justify spending $100 on a trash can? Let me count the ways! I've used simplehuman products in the past and have been marginally impressed. This can however arrives with a warranty and free sample trash bags. So if another lid breaks, I have little worry with a warranty at my back. The can is extremely sturdy. No amount of pet interaction was able to move this can. Though, I'll be honest, it does show the nose prints pretty well. Icky kitchen smells are a thing of the past. The tight lid keeps those smells locked in. and should you need the lid kept open (peeling potatoes or what not) it has a simple lock to keep it open. I never realized how wonderful a feature like that would be until I had it. So simple yet it makes me so happy. No more slipping trash bags. The slide-out inner container holds onto that bag tight and makes sure the edges don't get covered in gunk. This can is a little smaller than traditional kitchen trash cans (10ga as compared to 13ga) however I hardly notice the difference. At least for me personally, I find the smaller size fits into my smaller kitchen easier and is less obtrusive. This size is perfect for a whole week of garbage in our two person two dog household and could probably hold more but it goes out every trash day. The foot pedal feels robust and not lightweight or cheap compared to other step trash cans. I love the hands free lid and have no worries that pedal will last. The pedal is recessed into the can so there is no tripping hazard in my kitchen and the can can sit flush against the wall. The lid is very quiet! No clanging as it shuts. It shuts fairly slowly which is nice when you forgot that last little tidbit to throw away. And no getting hands caught. In all, I fell in love with this trash can (which admittedly is a weird statement to make). I don't regret the purchase price one bit and if I had to, I'd do it again. Absolutely recommended.
