Disconnects itself after about 5 minutes
I purchased this player some 7 months ago. Until about 2 weeks ago it worked flawlessly, but then it began disconnecting itself from the logged on choice - Amazon, Netflix, Pandora, etc. after about 5 minutes of use. The only solution involved unplugging the unit from the wall outlet. This resets the Roku player and when you plug it back in you end up with the opening ROKU screen. When you then select the program you have been watching or, in the case of Pandora, listening to, you are unable to continue from where you left off when the unit shut itself down. After any number of times unplugging and re-plugging the device I elected to reset everything to the factory default settings. Take heed. If and when you select this option, be prepared to reenter your router password, obtain a new and temporary password from the Roku site, etc. Most of us don't have this information at our fingertipsYesterday I contacted the ROKU site and spent almost two hours on their chat line which requires texting back and forth with their overseas representatives. I was disconnected from the first one after about 30 minutes. When I contacted them again a few moments later I was told this particular representative was no longer available so we began the whole process a second time. This went on for almost an hour while I tried his various recommendations - none of which worked. At this point he told me I must have a defective unit. I thanked him and asked for the process involved in replacing the unit. He said it would require a RMA (Return Authorization Number) which I could obtain by contacting another department, providing the unit was purchased less than 90 days ago. After locating my order on Amazon, I noted the purchase was some 7 months ago and the unit is now out of warranty. My recommendation, if you elect to purchase one of these players it to be aware of the brief warranty period, although I understand you can, for an additional amount, purchase an extended warranty. Will I buy another? Probably.
