Too much of a gamble to recommend it to anyone...
I won't go into the long story of my repair experience because I believe this review should be more about the physical items included in the kit, and not the difficulty of the repair. I was in fact able to successfully repair the phone in the end, but I do NOT recommend buying this kit. At the end of my review, I have included some notes and recommendations for those looking for a more reliable kit. THE REVIEW:In regard to the kit itself, let me first say that I think the reason for all the drastically different reviews here is because this item is sold by so many different vendors all over the world. So, it is packaged and shipped in different ways, depending on which vendor you buy from. This should be a big red flag for anyone reading this, and if you choose to buy this repair kit despite this warning, be ready for the unexpected. I bought the kit on May 1, 2013 from seller "onsale2013". I chose this seller because the order was fullfilled by Amazon, and therefore I could get free 2-day shipping via Prime, as well as some reassurance that it wasn't being shipped directly from China. When the kit arrived, the first thing I noticed was that it did NOT include all 7 tools. It included only one spludger tool, one suction cup tool (which is actually pointless, and not required for the repair), and TWO pentelobe screwdrivers. Normally, I would have sent the kit back, but I was fortunate enough to already own another set of tools that I could use instead. So, I decided to overlook the shortage of tools in this kit, and move on. Once I completed the repair, the second problem I discovered was that the new screen had a dead/stuck green pixel toward the upper left of the screen. This is a sign of a lack of quality control, and quite frustrating because by the time I put the entire phone together and noticed this flaw, it was too late and too much of a hassle to even consider disassembling the entire phone again in order to request a refund/exchange. In the end, I was forced to accept the flaw, opting to have a dead/stuck pixel instead of a shattered screen. As some others have noted, the new screen assembly was missing the little ear speaker protection mesh (the new screen just had an empty hole there), but I was lucky enough to notice this before I continued with the repair. I simply removed the speaker mesh from the old screen assembly and used two tiny pieces of tape to attach it to the new assembly. As far as I can tell, everything else about the screen works well - there are no problems with the touch sensitivity/responsiveness, and the picture quality/resolution is identical to the original. I noticed other people here complaining that the proximity detection hole was missing on their assembly, but mine didn't have this problem. So, I give this kit 2 stars only because the screen did work in the end, but the missing tools, dead/stuck pixel, and missing ear speaker mesh are three major reasons why I do NOT recommend purchasing this specific kit. NOTES AND RECOMMENDATIONS:First, I highly recommend going with the kit sold by iCracked instead. Yes, it is more expensive, but the extra $20-$30 you spend is worth it for the peace of mind in getting a repair kit that has all the tools needed for the job in one complete package, as well as a satisfaction guarantee on the screen quality and functionality. If you are still stubborn and cheap enough to ignore my advice, then at least do yourself a favor by looking up the freely available iCracked video tutorial. You can find it easily through a google search. I also recommend looking up and printing out the repair flowchart/parts map PDF that is also freely available via a google search. These two things are absolutely crucial for successfully completing the repair. FINAL THOUGHTS:I suppose if you just need a new screen and don't care about some of the tools missing or the ear speaker mesh not being included, then this could be a potentially decent buy, but the risk of a dead/stuck pixel is enough for me to tell anyone to steer clear of this kit and spend the extra money to be sure you get a quality screen. Good luck!
