I got this back in Dec 2011 so I've lived with it for 7 months now.  I love it.  I don't have any of the problems I've read in some reviews.  The lids above the coffee section and hot water section fit VERY snugly, sealing each section off very effectively, so we have never noticed any coffee taste drifting over to the hot water side as some reviewers have complained.  The water reservoirs are totally separate.  When the hot water side reservoir is filled to the max line, the hot water supply lasts for 3-4 cups of tea or two bowls of soup before needing refilling so I don't understand the lady who said she couldn't even make one cup of tea. Even if you have to refill it, it's hot almost immediately. We've noticed no bad smells or off tastes from the water side. Things I particularly like:-the hot water side is off until you want it; it doesn't heat water all the time.  When you turn it on, it's ready very quickly.-the machine tells you when it needs descaling.  If you don't understand what is going on when it wants you to do this (and it will not brew your coffee), you can defeat this and get it to brew again by unplugging it, but the descaling procedure is easy once you realize what it wants you to do (SAVE YOUR MANUAL, WE WERE SUPRISED BY THIS FEATURE).-both sides have changeable carbon water filters-the carafe pours well-of course I always prefer this type of cone-style filter over the Mr Coffee type basket filters-- cones are more efficient and use less coffeeMinor irritations:-the manual does not explain specifically what parameters the 1-4 cup setting adjusts.  I like to know this information in case I would like to apply those adjustments for larger pots too.-compared to my old coffee makers, this machine is less deep front to back, but wider and taller.  Because it is not deep, the area where you are pouring the water in, to fill the coffee side, is just a small corner behind the filter area.  You have to be pretty accurate, and if you have the machine under a cabinet it psychologically feels more difficult than my old coffee makers that had a huge open reservoir.  In reality, I have to admit it's no problem to fill, since the carafe pours so accurately. It just requires a little more concentration LOL.
