An epic romance for the ages - My all-time favorite!
This is my ALL-TIME favorite historical romance.  I've read hundreds upon hundreds of them and it simply doesn't get any better than Silver Storm.  When I saw that a new "author's cut" was released, I couldn't resist reading it again.  What a beautiful, enduring romance!  Each time I read it I find something new to love. The first thing a reader will notice about this, as well as the author's other novels, is the tremendous amount of historical detail and real people woven throughout.  Silver Storm is set in the coastal port town of New London, Connecticut beginning in 1775, and travels through the American Revolution.  The heroine's school master is the famous patriot Nathan Hale.  Her town is attacked by Redcoats under the direction of traitor Benedict Arnold.  Even George Washington makes a cameo.  This is one romance novel that will leave you a little smarter in American History by the time you've finished it.  If only it were taught this way in school.  :)Besides the bonus of a gentle history lesson, this story truly tells of an epic romance for the ages.  No matter how many times I re-read this book, it never fails to take my breath away. Notorious and devilishly handsome French sea captain-turned-privateer Andre Raveneau first crosses the lovely Devon Lindsey's path when she is 13 years old.  She becomes fascinated by the daring captain of the Black Eagle, who is known for always seeming to be able to escape seemingly impossible situations.  Their paths meet again a few years later and the dangerous and magnetic Raveneau shocks her by giving her a teasing kiss that turns her world upside down. The daughter of a sailor herself, Devon is fascinated by those who call the sea their home.  Her original plan of marrying her childhood friend, Morgan, begins to fall apart when she realizes that his kisses have the opposite effect of those of the handsome Raveneau.  There has to be more to love than feeling comfortable.  She is certain, however, that a man like the Captain would never be interested in a plain colonial miss like her. Then one horrible day the British attack the town of New London, burning buildings and leaving a path of destruction.  Devon barely escapes with her life and fears she has lost everyone dear to her.  She runs into a sailor from the Black Eagle, who secretly smuggles her on board disguised as a cabin boy.  Of course, she is discovered by the all-seeing Captain Raveneau  although not until after she attends to his bath.... I love this book and know you will too!  Captain Raveneau will always be, for me, the gold-standard of fictional heroes.  He is positively, deliciously perfect  in every way.  With his devastatingly handsome good looks, adventurous nature, charmed success, and strength, he is truly a man to make you swoon.  The only way he could be more perfect would be if he were REAL... and married to ME.
