Avenge Me! Read it!
A prophecy once again, "Seven Half-Bloods shall answer the call. To storm or fire the world must fall. An oath to keep with a final breath and foes bear arms to the Doors of Death." The prophecy of the seven confuses all of the half-bloods at Camp Half-Blood. However, more disturbing is the fact that a stolen away brain washed Roman boy named Jason Grace inhabits Camp Half-Blood. While he is there he discovers that he has been switched with the famed Percy Jackson. Now, Percy, who is also brain washed is living in Camp Jupiter (Roman). Was this trade by Hera done on purpose? Of course!  Together these two great half- bloods will unite the Greeks and Romans and create the team of seven. Together they will have to stop Gaia from rising and destroying the world. Riordan creates the third book of the Heroes of Olympus with stunning suspense and funny moments as always. As found out in the previous books of the series, the team of seven will consist of Jason, Percy, Annabeth, Piper, Hazel, Leo, and Frank. So, Annabeth and the group set off for Camp Jupiter on the Argo II. When they arrive, they encounter much ruckus with the Romans. The Romans and Greeks have been long time enemies. Also through this ruckus, Annabeth is reunited with her boyfriend Percy! The leader of Camp Jupiter, Reyna, refuses to let the Greeks and Romans work and go off on this mission. However, the seven see otherwise. In the middle of this turmoil, Leo makes things worse by firing at the camp from the Argo II. Luckily, the seven escape and head on their quest. On their journey they encounter monsters, gods, and most feared of all... Gaia.  Hazel and Leo on this journey discover the dark secret that connects them. Leo's great grandfather was the lover of Hazel in her former life! Obviously Frank is not enthralled in this at all. Hazel and Leo encounter the goddess Nemesis who warns Leo that, "Soon [he] will face a problem [he] cannot solve, though [she] can [him]... for a price." As the journey goes on, Jason and Piper fight with Hercules to allow them to pass and go to Rome as the destined spot for Gaia to rise. They go to fight the twin giants told in the prophecy and find Nico who has been captured by them. However, Annabeth will not be joining them to fight the twin giants as suspected for their quest. For the first time, she will make a solo quest and find the Mark of Athena. Athena gave her a coin and told her, "Follow the Mark of Athena. Avenge me." Annabeth embarks on her own journey to get what her mother wants and possibly be the only Athenian child to do so. When the seven arrive in Rome they split up and Annabeth walks alone. She makes her way into finding the mark. Percy, Jason, and Piper fall into the trap that Piper had seen in her dreams. In the end they recapture Nico and Jason and Percy battle the giants. They slay the giants, get reunited with the rest of the group minus Annabeth, and go searching for her. They find her, but due to consequences the team loses Percy and Annabeth. Can the team go on without them? Can they get to the House of Hades? Are Percy and Annabeth still alive? Will the seven close the Doors of Death? Mark of Athena is filled with suspense. As any reader of Rick Riordan knows that he is the man at making suspense. Every chapter leaves you hanging and you can't stop reading. The end makes you wish you had the fourth book already. The suspense in this book is not the kind of suspense found in a horror or mystery book, but the suspense that makes you wonder what is going to happen. Not only is the book filled with suspense, but great characters. The book is narrated by Annabeth, Piper, Leo, and Percy. Their different viewpoints give you a different feeling about the book. This book gets more in depth about Annabeth and her complex self. Percy just keeps getting better and Leo is more explained in this book. Riordan did an amazing job at using four viewpoints to tell a story. Thumbs up to Riordan! The book is an amazing continuation of the Percy Jackson series. These two series are really alike. This book would not be the same without the two great characters of Annabeth and Percy. Throughout this book there are so many references to the former series and many aspects of mythology. There is not another book other than the Percy Jackson series like this book. This book is highly recommended for any Riordan fan and those who love reading lots of suspense, action, and mythology. Give this book to any Percy Jackson fan and they will enjoy it. They will love this book because Annabeth shines, but Percy is reunited with her. Riordan fans will enjoy it because Riordan's writing just keeps on getting better and of course Percy has the spot light. Fans of tons of action in books will enjoy all the thrilling action in this book because there are no slow parts. However, it recommended for those who have not read the Percy Jackson series to read that first. They will get so confused with all the references made in this book. For those who read the Percy Jackson series, but not the Lost Hero should read the Lost Hero first. Lost Hero is the first book of the Heroes of Olympus series and this is the third book. If as a reader you don't like mythology, then don't read the book. You will have no interest in it. Overall the book was outstanding. The action was crazy and the suspense was great. Spoiler Alert: the book is in third person. Read it and you will love it! The next book of the series comes out the fall of this year.
