I am not a Foscam representative
I picked up a pair of these outside of Amazon and I am very pleased. Granted, I am tech savvy and have a fair amount of experience with networking but I found them very simple to set up. The instructions were, for the most part, well written on a technical level. As long as you pay attention to the details like only using IE for setup you should be fine. I had both of them up and running in about 45 minutes, despite some issues with my own router. As a heads-up, when setting up multiple cameras on a dynamic IP network, you need to assign each one it's own port (like :80, :81, :82) or it won't let you configure the port forwarding in the router. Anyhow, they work like a charm with my Windows 8 phone. Feed is very smooth at full size (640x480) and full frame rate on my LTE connection. On my wife's iPhone 4 on 3G it's a little choppy but also works fine. I haven't tried turning down the resolution/frame rate on hers to see if it makes a difference but I'm guessing it will help. The picture is great overall and I'm very impressed with the night vision quality. The picture is very clear and still shows color if there's some natural light spill in the room. When you are in the room, the night vision LEDs glow a very faint red so the camera's not totally invisible but it's very inconspicuous. The pan/tilt motors are also almost totally silent so when you move the camera you can't hear it unless you're right next to it. If you have these stashed somewhere, they would be very hard to notice by visual or sound cues, especially in the dark. They are a little bit larger than I was expecting and the wall mounts are pretty bulky. They're not going to be easy to hide in plain sight like some smaller cameras but for the features they offer, it's worth it. My only small complaint is that I wish you could tap and hold on an arrow to constantly pan or tilt, rather than have it move in small increments with each tap. It's very accurate but if you need to sweep the room, it takes some time. You can turn on the auto pan and it'll sweep but you don't have control over which way it goes first so it could be faster or not. It's not enough to knock off a star, though.
