Does the job well
I purchased this to convert some old VHS tapes on to computer so I could put on to DVD, Other reviewers are correct with the USB placement, don't get to spastic if it does not work right away, just try the USB  in another one of your computer ports, I have an HP computer and mine finally worked when I plugged it in the back of it.  The software was easy to install, I did have to update the version from the ION website but that is easy to do, just go there select products, then image conversion click the Video 2 PC one and then download it, it also has the manual and instructions as well.  But that was just my experience with the cd, it may work right away for you.  Once that is done, it is fairly easy to hook up it comes with the Red, White, and Yellow cable to hook up to your VCR, Note:  It does have an S video cable slot as well, and I did need to purchase that extra since I could not find mine and one  does not come with it, so I just went to Radio Shack and was no problem.  Again, just make sure the cables are plugged in correctly, I had them plugged in to the wrong port on the VCR  for like half hour until I realized it was wrong HA.  I was getting signal on the computer and it was showing the DVD menu screen from the VCR  and not the VHS side.  Once, that was done popped in the tape and started recording and I had no problems with it. The sotfware does have some editing capabilities but honestly I did not use them, mine was just straight forward play, record, and then stop when was done.  I didn't use the make copy feature that came with the software I made my DVD copies with the Windows DVD Maker and that worked great. Now you may notice on some tapes that you record there could by some problems with syncing up with the audio but I don't think this is so much a product issue as it has to do with the tape degrading some.  It's not that much an issue with me since only one of the tapes I converted had this problem and that was an exercise tape that was a previous rental copy and not one I owned myself.  For the money this was a great buy and it does the job well, just don't expect this to be like some full tilt Hollywood film editing booth experience or wanting it to do something that it can't do and you should enjoy this  and it's ease of use like I have.
