I just recently purchased the EC155 from DeLonghi when I realized I was going to $tarbucks at least every day, which is quite expensive at that frequency, and the drinks were becoming less consistent by the minute. I consider myself to have pretty high standards for espresso and bar drinks although the convenience made me settle for the easy drive-thru. This machine has all the features you need in an affordable compact pump-driven espresso machine. It has a slightly smaller footprint than my regular drip coffee maker and brews an amazing shot every time with a little know-how. Tips:-Dont use the built in plastic tamper. The machine is not a large enough weight, even when pressing down from above, to exert the good 40-50lbs of pressure need to tamp a good puck. The one on my machine is was already slightly warped and not flat. Buy a heavier metal one, like Terry's RSVP Tamper here on Amazon.-Let the machine preheat for at least 10-15 minutes for the best shot. The 'OK' light will come on in the first few minutes, but dont believe it!-Most should know, but steam your milk first, so the boiler temperature is hotter and you can pull a shot directly afterwards and add to the milk. Otherwise you will have to wait for the boiler to heat up to steam your milk while your espresso shots oxidize to bitter grossness.-The steam wand is very short and has a small clearance to the counter. If you dont want to raise it onto a pedestal, purchase a shorter frothing pitcher than normal. Nothing larger than a 20oz Krups XS5020 will fit, but that is plenty for a good 16oz beverage. Some EC155 owners complain about the used espresso coming out of the basket as a soup. In my experience it is directly related to the proper tamping pressure. If you temp the whole puck to the proper pressure to comes out as a solid used puck afterwards. I havent had it long but the other reviewers that have owned the EC155 for a few years make me very optimistic. Overall I am very impressed with the machine at its current price. I was able to make a great Cappuccino on the second try with some fresh ground Illy Medium Espresso beans just like Italy.
