Good value but only fair quality
I ordered two of these units as I wanted to have both a rear and a front facing camera. After having used them for a few days I have a few comments. Both my units look the same externally but operate differently. The buttons light up different colors and one blinks in record and one is solid in record. The menu/options are quite different between the two units. The sound quality is very different as one is very clear and the other one has much noise. If other comments or instructions in these reviews don't work for you it may be you have a different version of software. After playing with the various menues I have gotten both units to work. They go into record as soon as I give them power and continue to record over files until you stop the unit. A 16GB SD card gives me around 4 hours of recording. While I can't read plate numbers while at highway speed I also have these units on when my car is parked. Other cars parking in front or behind me can have their plates read quite clearly. In parking spots is where alot of my damage occurs so this is just what I was looking for! If you want plate numbers to be recorded on the highway I would just speak them loudly so they are recorded on the audio part of the videos. The same with a description of the other driver or any other info. I did notice with both units that they can lockup or get distorted displays. You have to slide off the top cover and remove the battery to reset them at that point. The overall quality of these units is fair to poor, but I paid a total of $46 for two including shipping! I have an HD Sony camcorder that I use on the road when I want a top quality recording but these units are set and forget. They will capture that unexpected accident when someone cuts you off and then jams on the brakes. Rear end collisions are almost always the fault of the guy in back. Also a good insurance scam. If you could show that the other driver jumped in front of you and slammed his brakes on for no reason then you just more than paid for the cost of these units. If you want something that works great straight out of the box and has customer support then pay for a more expensive unit. These don't even have a model # or manufacturers name on them!
