Canon EOS 7D may be for you!
Earlier this year I was looking for a good camera that would last me for a long time. I have lost and broken several "point and shoot" cameras over the past several years. On my last day of a three week vacation in Laos someone stole my small "point and shoot" camera out of my pocket. Lost all the pictures for the three weeks! Also left one on a bench at Disney. My last camera was in my back pocket when I was in Central America this past winter and I broke it. That was the last straw and my wife told me to get a larger camera so I won't loose/wreak more cameras. After researching I decided to get a DSLR. I hadn't used a SLR since the 70s so I was a little intimidated by the selection and features. I wanted a camera that would last me a long time and that I wouldn't have to upgrade when I got better at taking pictures. The Canon EOS 7D fit the bill. I must say that I read a lot of reviews here and many of them said that this camera is too complicated for a beginner. I must disagree. I fully agree with one of the reviewers here that said that if you have a desire to learn, this camera is for you. I was much encouraged by that reviewer and it help me decied to get the Canon 7D. I read several books when I bought this camera and was able to take pretty good pictures soon after. I have taken a couple of thousand pictures in the past six months and have used the auto mode for maybe only ten pictures. I get complements from friends and relatives, some of who are pretty good amature photographers. As far as the camera itself is concerned you can read all the other reviews that handle that. I agree with most all the positive points and won't bore you with more. This camera is fantastic. I LOVE my camera! It is a true joy to take it out and use it! Nuf said! The real reason for this review is to encourage anyone who was thinking of getting this camera but was intimidated by other reviews. If you are really interested in taking great pictures, want to invest some time getting to know the camera and want a camera that will last you for a long time, GET THIS CAMERA! You will not regret it!
