The light beige carpets in my apartment receive the complimentary carpet cleaning from the professionals every January. The last time they were here they left the door open and unlocked, and the carpets did not look that much better. I have two senior citizen cats who have their share of fur balls and little box accidents. After a month, the carpet looks like it did before the cleaners came. "Resolve" only does so much good. My oldest cat also has severe allergies, so I don't even wear shoes on the carpet to keep it as clean as possible. A friend of mine bought a different brand, but with her two kids and two dogs, she keeps her carpets spotless(almost). I began to do some research and was pleased to learn that Amazon. com sold steam vacs. I at first settled on the Hoover F6215 because I thought it would be fun to have something that looked like a decoration instead of an appliance. That lavender color almost had me sold until I found this model, the F5914, and read the comparison review by the retired design engineer. Consumer complaints about earlier models had scared me away from Hoover altogether, but evidently Hoover got tired of taking back their junkier models and changed the design to make the newer steam vacs more durable and dependable. The F5914 is sturdier than the F6215, though probably not as much fun to look at. The F5914 is also $20 cheaper, and Amazon ships it for free(minus the sales tax). You can't get a better deal than that, and it even arrived in two days. I have used the F5914 three times, and I have never been happier. This product does exactly what it was designed to do. I was a bit intimidated by it at first--I took it out of the box and set it in the middle of the living room for two days--but after I read  and re-read the instructions so that I knew what I was doing, I took it on its virgin cruise, and it performed beautifully! I cleaned each room individually and was shocked at the amount of BLACK dirt that was in the carpet, even after I had vacuumed first. The carpet dried right away, and there was no soapy residue(I purchased the Premium Pet Formula at the same time and am equally pleased with that product). What is so great is that every time I steam vac the carpets, which is about every two months, there is less and less dirt, and the carpets look brand new each and every time. In fact, my landlady thought I had new carpets installed! The only negative thing about this steam vac has nothing to do with the design. Plan on having to clean the steam vac when you are done using it. My carpet "pills" after a while, and the excess gets trapped under the face plate, so I have to use a Phillips screwdriver to remove the face plate and clean off the carpet fibers. Also, when you are cleaning the removable parts and turn the unit on its side, do so on a tile or linoleum floor with a couple of towels underneath. There is water left over inside and it drains out. Like so many other customers, I am sorry I waited so long to purchase a steam vac. Having carpets that look new and smell clean and fresh makes your home a healthier, more uplifting environment.
