WOW - 2 Sets for $19.94. Worth Every Penny- BUY IT ASAP
I liked them instantly, and I was waiting to buy these for long, when a friend was in new york I ordered them. I bought these two products for just under $45 Sept 2011, [Miracle Blade III Perfection Series] $19.94 > [Miracle Blade Block & Extra 4 Knifes] $23.50 + $1.30 some Sundry Taxes. When I got them I was confused why they are heavier then they should be. But then, Hurray! I found out there were 22 Knifes in total .. so they sent me 2 Sets. WOW WOW !!. Its amazing. So, I am going to give the second set to my mom, because of work I am living in different city. She would be happy to get these as Diwali gift on dhanteras day awesome :). When you order it you get an extra set that you can gift to someone... for 20$ you get two sets. I think its worth every money, any one who is thinking about ordering them should order asap. No point wasting money on sets that are 10 times the price. Sharp: They are very sharp .. I have cut the fingure tips a few times, so people who are not used to using large sets be careful in intial days. They are of good quality. I generally wash them and wipe them before putting them in block. So if you just take 2 minutes of your time and dont leave them in water (like another product) they will last long. I think buying a block is a must have.. you cant ignore it. You have to buy the block .. comparing the knifes price block is expensive.. but the knifes are just very less expensive. thanks amazon. Buying a Block and Cutting board is a must have. People please comment if you also got the second set. Update Oct-2011:Please ignore the bad reviewes. even the Ginsu, Wusthof and Henckels Knifes corrodes or rusts if you leave them in water. All Chefs Knfies should be hand washed and wiped cleaned before you putt them in the drawer or the block. yes like .. Nokia, Motorola, Samsung phones are made there in china. They are of good quality, and I will not put the banner you get what you pay for, because they are good. I will rather put "Worth Every Penny". They have sold millions of these so now they have reduced the price. And its amazon guys .. amazon always sell only good quality item, and also, This set is on No.1 spot for long now, all those people buying know what they are doing. its the best set. Ignore the lame users. I am not a chef, I am just a regular home user like you, who likes to cook veg home food and want to avoid outside non-veg food. I always wanted to have the good knife set, because I like cooking, which is very unlike for a professional job working guy but I have to because I want Veg food. So, when I found the Chef tony video I saw these I wanted them. I know some things that chef tony do are just too much but he is experienced and we are not. he can make a bad knife look good as well, so with these he can surely do so much. Slicer does the work when you get used to it. i personally love Rock n Chop and Chop n Serve Knifes. I am happy. I just need to buy a good quality cutting board, getting it from amazon is not possible right now if it was i might have ordered the miracle Blade Board thats selling for $10.51, nice. Lets see I am sure I can find a good cutting board in near by Supper Market but it will be expensive. Lets see which one I get. all the best to you guys. have a good cooking time in your kitchen. Highly Recommed Buying -> Block and Cutting Board.
