Got for Sony HX100V
Picked up this bag for a Sony HX100V camera. This review will be tailored to those with such a camera or one of samesize. I wanted a bag that was as small and light as possible for portable and safe transport of the camera itselfand a few must have accessories when out and about. For that purpose it is a perfect fit with one caveat.  The camera itself fits snugly and there is room in the top overlap panel for 2 batteries and extra memory cards. One could probably get 3 batteries in there perhaps 4 if they were determined. Inside the case if you place the with the Sony HX100v in place there is some spare room for small articles in the front inside sleeve and along side of the camera. On the outside zipper compartments there is sufficient room for the USB cable and minor errata in one zipper compartmentand in the other I placed a battery charger I purchased (not the one that ships with the camera) that works with 115VAC. The charger has flip out AC prongs and is somewhat compact. There is also room for the 12VDC cigarrete adapter that will work with that charger as well. There would also be room for filters, if one has modified the camera to accept such. Just enough room for some minor paperwork after that and a cleaning cloth. Bottom line a snug fit but not too snug and a small light case to carry around for when you want a camera in a case. The carry strap has clip hooks that seem solid and can be removed if desired. The strap is plenty adjustable, for a six footer like me I had to lengthen the strap almost all the way to carry comfortable about the near hip area. No fancy wide padded strap but the bag and camera are so light I don't expect that to be much of a issue. If it is, one can buy well padded carry straps. There is a belt loop on the back that is beefy and well stitched and wide enough for 4 adult male fingers to fit. Downside is it is not Velcro (TM) removable so if that is a issue you would look elsewhere OR you could modify this one with some creative work to make it a Velcro adjustable belt loop.  If you really have to lug around extra accessories it is a easy matter to get some lens like bags to just hang off (with Velcro TM straps) the above camera bag strap. I did that with the battery charger that shipped with the HX100v.  Heck, the bag is small enough if you had to you could get a rather large camera bag, stash this bag and your errataaccessories in it.  Course that would be nuts. Would the camera survive a drop to concrete inside this bag? Perhaps if only a drop of 3 feet or less but that is justa guess, I surely am not testing that. The bag is somewhat padded but not to a great degree.  Best not drop it though. The caveat: THe charger that ships with this camera is a large brick with a bulky cable set and there really isn't room in the case for it, nor if you try to shove it in one of the side zipper pockets. That is a additional reason to get a separate charger for this camera. I suppose one could really try hard to make the charger to fit in the case but that makes it rather difficult to remove the camera quickly and with little fuss. I opted to either leave it at home or if on a long trip will carry it in a separate bag that I attach to this bag's strap. The price I paid here at Amazon was cheaper by a few bucks at least than what Wally World wanted for one. Good deal.
