Great magazine that can shape your life, or give you the apperciate for fashion
When I was a little girl I always tried to steal my friend mother's "Cosmopolitan". I didn't really understand what Cosmo really was, but at the time I truly believed that was what every women read. My mother found me reading it with my friend and almost lost her mind, when I came back from school a vogue was waiting for me in the mailbox. I thought it was my mother's but she told me if I was going to idolize a women's magazine and wouldn't stick to my Highlights or American Girl, I would idolize something sensible. I was just a little girl glancing at the glossy pages of high end clothing from Chanel and Yves Saint Laurent, loving each beautiful model, amazed by the greatest photos ever taken for a fashion magazine (Annie Leibovitz has become the most used and artistically drawn photographer used by Vogue), and the best articles that can be used for brainless reading material or important advice. Six years later I'm still reading Vogue (and can use the advice more productively than I could have when I was twelve.) I sort of matured faster than other girls, while they were talking about who were they taking for the dance, I was discussing why the price of silk and taffeta were lowering due to China's economy expansion and about Tom Ford designing for the retired Yves Saint Laurent.... well not exactly but you get my point. One down side is I've gotten addicted to the evils the Vogue brings. From it's amazing ads, I've come to love the more expensive things in life, like designer handbags and beautiful coats. I've even gone on more diets I can count (but this comes from Anna Wintour, who even told Oprah "I would love to be on our cover--but you have to loose 30", the woman is persistant about thinness in her magazine.) However, I truly feel that I have become the woman I am today instead of boxer wearing tomboy with no manners at all, because of Vogue. The reason I gave only four stars is because I'm truly starting to apperciate W Magazine. It has the need to know gossip, the longer pages, and more of a down to earth approach for those who really don't associate, or can stand, the socialite world.
