Best way to watch TV ever, hands down!
Best way to watch TV EVER, hands down! We loved it so much we bought more, and now have one for every TV in our house! Whenever I'm in a hotel and have to watch commercials or can't pull up shows from Amazon or NetFlix, I miss my Roku so much... How did we ever stand watching TV without it? My son works for a popular talk show host for a TV show and he says other models of Roku's have given their customers problems when trying to stream their show on the internet, so he called me to check what model I bought and was relieved that I chose this "good" one, whew! So apparently the Roku XS 1080p must not have the kinks in it that another Roku model is having to deal with. Honestly, the only problems we've had after a year with this particular Roku was on Christmas Eve and that turned out to be a problem with NetFlix due to an issue with their streaming supplier, Amazon AWS... so my precious Roku was cleared of all wrong-doing, ha ha. I did buy a NetGear booster to boost my router signal to one area of my home which was having trouble with streaming, but that also had nothing to do with the Roku. Oh yeah, at times I get kicked off the internet signal when my neighbor does something with his wireless, but that turned out to be because we are using the same channel from our Cable company, again not the Roku's fault. I highly recommend you get this. I was scared because I know nothing about such technology, so if you're similarly ignorant, just get a teenager or young adult to come hook it up for you and show you how to work it. Soon, you'll fall in love with Roku, just like me. Then get Amazon and NetFlix and you'll be set to start searching for your favorite shows and can watch entire seasons without having to see any commercials. I've even found documentaries on subjects I'm interested in, plus shows I remember as a child, in addition to the new offerings. Of course I catch my son's show occasionally, too, (in case he is reading this), ha.  We don't watch anything rated R, so it was getting hard to find anything we liked on our regular cable TV. Now, we have choices galore! I rarely pay for any show, because so far, there has been plenty of good, free offerings available... especially if you are an Amazon Prime member, but NetFlix has free shows, too. On the rare occasion I do pay, I appreciate not having to drive to the video rental store or mail in a DVD, it's so convenient. The price is a bargain, for all the enjoyment Roku has brought us. TV is never going to be the same again.
