Not cheap but very impressed.
I'm very impressed with the Avent/Phillips product. Although it is on the pricey side it works well and is very easy to setup, with no technical abilities needed. I don't have a baby any more but do have a 6 year old and this unit comes in handy when we sit outside at night after his bedtime. I can also see it coming in handy if he is not feeling well and we want to keep an eye out on him. This unit is simple plug and play. The unit comes with the camera that sits on a base and is attached via a magnet so that you can swivel it and move it around without breaking any type of plastic attachment, very useful if a young one tipped it over. The camera can be powered by either battery or power and the remote screen viewer has a rechargeable battery which is a nice bonus. After putting in the remotes battery, it was already charged, I placed the camera in the room and turned on the remote and without any hassle the video and sound came right up. The remote shows you batter life, wireless signal strength, and if you have a link. It also has screen controls for brightness, sounds, off/on switch with volume control, a button to do audio only for when you are sleeping, and a very cool button to remote turn on some songs to help the baby go back to sleep.... all without having to leave your bed, wish I had this thing when we had a baby. The screen is good size and clarity is good. The camera is able to show the room even in the dark and does a good job of that. The camera does turn on these very low red lights around the camera to show when it is in infrared night mode but its not a distraction and is very dim. There is also an on/off button on the camera so you can turn it off. I tested out the distance of the remote in our back yard and had no issues with still receiving a signal and video. There might be cheaper models out there but I can't imagine that they would be this good and this easy. But this is expensive so will most likely be a gift rather then purchased by new parents who are already worried about finances.
