4.5 Star Top Pick,Sizzling Military Romance!
(Review written for Night Owl Reviews by Talina Perkins)Tawny Weber's A Seal's Seduction was un-put-downable!  A story like this one is why that phrase even exists. I loved the emotion that coursed throughout the entire story and how well the author portrayed both main characters and their individual inner turmoil that kept them from their happily-ever-after. From the start we get a good look at the strained relationship between Alexia and her father, a highly respected and rather strict U. S. Navy Admiral. With that in mind the story starts off with Scientist Alexia Lane meeting Navy SEAL Lieutenant Black Landon while at the beach soaking up some So-Cal sun alongside her brother. There is an immediate attraction between the two that is later visited when they accidentally meet at Alexia's favorite hang out. There's no fighting the attraction no matter the fact that she refuses to date a uniformed man. Both desperate to make a connection with one another, they fail to share more than their names and are soon pushing the spark of interest they share into a full on flame of desire. This quickly leads to disappointment and hurt when Alexia finally does discover exactly who Blake is and, just as importantly, who his CO is. The deep rift between Alexia and her father fuel the conflict of her seeing Blake as anything other than a fling, no matter what her heart says. As the story continues the stakes rise and both are forced to look deeper within in order to move forward with any of the relationships in their lives. For most of the story it was an up-hill battle for both main characters. Real problems were thrown in their path with no easy solution yet they found a way to surpass their hang-ups in a way that pulled me into their story wholeheartedly. In short, the author made sure I cared about their ending.  Witty banter between Alexia and her brother broke up the tension on one side while Alexia and Blake let nothing stand in their way of enjoying each other physically on the other. And boy did they enjoy the red-hot fusion of passion and lust between them! Like all of Ms. Weber's stories though, there is much more to the tale. The strong theme of family is woven into the story. The Parent daughter relationship and brother/sister relationship make up a nice balance to the romance that delivers a well rounded read. It's hard to hold back some real juicy spoilers but I will say this, sexy bad-boy Blake gets a chance-albeit an unwanted chance-to show off all his Navy SEAL glory to Alexia and what she sees is a man she won't easily be able to refuse in the end. As I finished the story I loved how well everything- emotions, relationships, and perspectives- were brought into focus for a positive ending that melted my heart. A story like A Seal's Seduction is why I love reading romance. It had heart, sizzling romance, and real problems that I related to, characters I understood and rooted for from the very beginning. I recommend this one to all lovers of the genre and especially to those that love a sexy Navy Seal hero looking to find a heroine with a strong heart and understanding soul. Wonderful job, Ms. Weber!
