First off, this is my first review on Amazon ever since I became an Amazon customer some 7+ years ago. I felt compelled to write it since the product  presented what I perceived to be health hazards, so I wanted to share my experience. Pros:Price: Under $100, which is the highest I am willing to pay for a piece of equipment that: a) is made of simple and inexpensive plastic and steel parts;  b) has a single function - to suck air; and c) has a relatively simple design from an engineering perspectiveDelivery: It arrived quickly and well packaged. No issues here. Assembly: I had someone do that for me following the pictures in the Owner's Guide, and it was done in 20 mins. VC has worked fine after that, so I assume the pictures were clear enough to follow. However, there are no assembly instructions per se in the guide, so it would have most likely taken me longer had I had to do it myself. Function:1) Regular brush: The suction is pretty good on low carpet with regular brush and low carpet setting. It is less effective on bare floor with the same brush and bare floor setting. Shredded pieces of paper kept flying around, so I had to make several attempts over the same surface area before I got them all.2) Dusting brush used with wand: Again, good suction on the AC vent. Cons:Function:3) Crevice tool used with wand: Good suction, but this is where I noticed the problem. When the wand is used, the main brush keeps operating (which is not needed, aka ineffective product design). You then wonder if you are getting enough suction with the wand. In addition, dirt and dust comes out of the wand retainer when the wand is not inserted in it, and is being used with accessories. Not something I want when I am trying to clean. Perhaps there is something I need to do with the equipment to prevent that from happening. So far, I have not found any instructions on this in the Owner's guide, and have not had any bright ideas of my own except may be putting a piece of scotch tape over the wand retainer opening. This side effect is irritating, and defeats the purpose. Dust cup: This one does need to be emptied, cleaned and washed regularly. I followed another reviewer's advice, and bought a spare filter to reduce wait time between uses. The mechanism is also not completely hermetic. When you vacuum, you end up with dust on the outer parts of the dust cup and The VC in the whole. Maybe all VCs are that way. Weight: This VC weighs 19 lbs. I am 135 lbs, and I found the VC very heavy to lift when moving it around.  I often had to use both hands to lift it off the ground. I could especially feel the heavy weight when I accidentally rolled the VC over my bare toes. Ouch! Definitely not suitable,  and presents a safety/ health hazard for light weight teens and young adults who may be involved in housework. Cord: While the rewind mechanism itself and the cord retainer piece is very useful, I found that the cord does drag around the floor quite a bit unless you constantly adjust it. At some point I had to either throw it around my shoulder or to hold it in my hand to prevent it from dragging. This makes to job of maneuvering the VC more difficult, since you sometimes need both hands to control it because of the heavy weight. Overall: For the suction and the price, it's an OK VC to have. I just really dislike the dust blowback factor that comes with using the wand, and the extracurricular "weightlifting" exercise involved. My 10-year old Hoover was twice as light, and I thought technology was supposed to improve over time... I am keeping it for now because I cannot be bothered with returning it and looking for a replacement, but if you want something easier to operate and something that doesn't leave you dusting your entire place after you've vacuumed it with this Eureka model, buy something else.
