Diappointed with set up
Needed to replace a 12 year old Epson R300 with a printer that prints on CD/DVD's and this seemed like a good deal. Plus the wireless capability was convenient. I own a Windows 7 laptop and a MacBook Pro and started with the set up on the Windows box. Followed the instructions and set up seemed to go well. The wireless feature worked great and easily printed out my first document. Now to try the CD printing. First, I couldn't find the CD tray. I had to call Canon Tech Support to let them know that I couldn't find the CD tray. They told me that it was taped under one of the paper trays. Nowhere in the documentation could I find this little tidbit. Oh well, back to printing. I soon found out that there's no documentation to explain how to print a CD from the laptop. The manual tells you how to scan artwork and print to a disc but not how to set one up from a computer. Back to Tech Support. They told me that I could print discs from the included My Image Garden software. OK back to printing. Except that My Image Garden only allows CD printing to their preset themes. You can't just print a photo or piece of art to a disc, it has to be one of their hokey themes. Back to tech support. "Oh you use Canon Easy Print. It comes with the software." Well, It didn't come with the software. It wasn't on the list of apps included on the CD. OK, I had to download it off the website. Not a huge deal except you'd think that they would show you how to print a CD from your computer in their documentation that shipped with the computer. Would have saved 1/2 hour talking with tech support. Even then, Canon Easy Print is not that intuitive to print to discs. Once again, they have a bunch of preset themes that you have to guess on how to bypass. On my old Epson, You opened up CD Creator and a blank canvas opened. Wow, what a concept. After an hour of using every ounce of my available IQ, I was able to get a disc off the way I wanted. And it did look good. But why did it have to be so difficult? Canon needs to do a bit more R&D on their instruction manuals. Ok then, on to the Mac. Insert the CD and click Set Up and it proceeds to begin downloading 438MB off their website. 438MB? for a ink jet printer? Add to that the 57MB for Canon Easy print and that's close to 1/2 a gig. What about poor people who don't have access to broadband or, like me, use a cell hotspot and have a data limit? Would it really be that difficult to have the basic software on a CD and the extras on a download? Even with my hotspot it takes about 45 min to an hour to download it. And no, there's no choosing which software you want to download. Gone are the days that you bought a printer and within 10 min you were printing. What I have printed looks fine - I'm not looking for National Geographic quality but I know good quality when I see it and this printer does a find job. I'm satisfied with the $89 price I paid. But it is absolutely the worst set up and operating documentation of ANY computer product I've bought. (Well except for the $10 router I bought off ebay where the instructions were in Chinese). I highly doubt that I'll be buying Canon computer products in the future. Like their cameras though...
