WORLD'S BEST TOASTER/CONVECTION/BROILER EVERYTHING OVEN
I have had every kind of toaster / convection oven that's come out. I had one of the first convection ovens, that also dried fruit and meats. I can't remember not having one. The first one I got was back in the 70s!!  Needless to say, by today's standards, it was just a fancy toaster. NONE of them compare to this one. This Breville ... "machine" (toaster does not do it justice) has replaced ALL my other gizmos and gadgets. Two years ago, I got 2 different appliances - 1 was an Oster convection oven, and another was a "light wave" oven. Bothwere "new" featured toaster ovens. Over time, I used the Oster for toast, bagels, and to broil steaks. It was an okaytoaster oven... nothing special. The light wave was used almost exclusively for baked potatoes... and the occasional slice of bacon... the settings were kinda strange. Those will both soon find a new home at the local Goodwill, as my brand new Breville will do the job of both of them, and more. The Breville machine is top of the line in appearance. It's clearly well made, not a cheezy part on it. It's very accurate. The temperature and timing are fine tuned and precise. I don't hear the fan at all. I've made baked potatoes, toast, pizza, and rolls. They came out so well, I was confident that I could broil a lobster in it... so I did! I  broiled two lobster tails in it, and they came out high restaurant-quality!! I sat the butter on top of the unit while cooking, and it melted perfectly. I would NEVER have cooked lobster with either of the other two toaster ovens... they didn't have the capacity either in room or in correct/accurate heat; they would have come out burned on top and raw on the bottom. Both lobster tails came out of the Breville, and were just slightly browned on top (I'd put butter on the top) and cooked through. At 10 Oz each, they only took 10 minutes to broil. They were perfect. I can't recommend this Breville enough. I love it.  It doesn't heat up my kitchen (in Florida, that's a requirement) even though the top gets really hot. I just use the silicone oven gloves I got some time ago, and no problem. But do be careful - it is really easy to burn yourself. I was careless the first time, and burned my finger. I've got 2 other Breville products: an Electric Wok, and a Personal Pie Maker. They are wonderful and sold me on this brand... which I think is the absolute top of the line. Now, after getting this Breville toaster oven, I feel like a kitchen magician. I can cook anything in it - and it comes out perfect!
