best toaster oven on the market
I was in the market for a new toaster oven and did quite a bit of research to find a good one. It took me 6 months & 3 toasters. I wanted an oven that could make a pizza (my regular oven takes 20 min just to heat up) as well as toast a bagel and make 3 grill cheese sandwiches at once as I have 3 young children. I also wanted an oven that automatically pulls out the tray as you open the door.  This is important to me for safety reasons. I don't wants my kids to stick their hands all the way inside the oven to get their toast out. Toaster #1) I received a black & decker as a gift and it was awful.  It didn't have the pull out tray;  It didn't toast bread evenly on both sides;  It wasn't large enough to bake a pizza;  My bagels were burnt on the outside and cold on the inside;  I threw that one away. Toaster #2) Then I purhased the very popular Cuisineart from amazon.  All three of my kids and my husband got burned while opening the door. It gets very hot! It didn't have the auto tray pull out, so I had to get a pot holder to pull the tray out;  It didn't bake the pizza well because it wasn't powerful enough, even though it fit the pizza;  And worst of all, every time I needed to clean the crumb tray, I had to turn the whole toaster around because the crumb tray pulls out from the back.  I wrapped this up and returned it.  amazon paid for all shippng charges and it was truly a no hassle return.  thank you amazon! Toaster #3) Then I got the breville.  I love it!  My husband loves it!  My kids love it!  It does it all.  The tray automatically pulls out when the door opens so my kids don't get burned when they want to get their toast out;  It toasts bagels beautifully;  It heats up quickly and bakes pizza nicely;  The crumb tray pulls out from the front so it's very easy to clean (this is BIG!);  It's a little more money that the cuisineart, but well worth it.  This is the first review I've ever written.  I'm hoping that my 6 months of agony will save someone else all the hassles I went through.  Good luck!
