"Apple" quality
The feel of Dropcam is "Apple" - clean and simple, but not too simple. The wide-angle lens covers a lot of ground (much negating a need for a tilting camera - in electronics, avoid anything mechanical, mechanical breaks first) and does so without skewing the picture too much.  From the corner of a room, you can see all four walls and everything that is in the room - no room to hide. The software that enhances low-light situations (before the infra-red mode kicks in, automatically, for total darkness) is truly amazing.  (Samsung has similar low-light software included in its latest smartphone.  The software sets the new standard for cameras.)The mic on the camera is pretty good too.  I have turned down the mic's sensitivity to one third but I can still hear myself typing on the keyboard 15 feet away from the camera. The Dropcam delay is about 2 or 3 seconds.  The next best thing for baby monitoring is sitting next to the baby. With all this goodness, don't overdo things: Don't try to control the camera from two computers at the same time, the Dropcam software gets pretty confused.  When prompted in  the set-up phase, don't try to economize on buffer space, give it at least 20 or 50 MB.  Don't use Dropcam in places with marginal wifi strength.  And where wifi is average, don't use HD (although the sharpness of HD is a pleasure to look at). Without HD, you also cut back on the number of bytes flowing over the internet - you can lower the 60GB per month quoted elsewhere down to 25GB and still have the camera on all the time. Turning the camera remotely OFF and ON takes a few minutes to settle, and you may have to press Refresh (F5) if the "wheel" on the screen keeps spinning much longer - better, leave the camera ON all the time if you can.  (Mine has now been going for a week without a single problem, have not touched the camera one time.  Any intermittent wifi hick-up between camera and router is resolved automatically, in seconds.)Finally, at least in my situation there is no need for the DVR service so the subscription part of Dropcam can be dropped, no monthly fees. I am hard to please but Dropcam gets five stars! PS:  I also looked into the Foscam alternative.  Its reviews are good too but over the most recent 50 "verified purchases" the Dropcam reviews are better.  Besides, some of the Foscam reviews mention how good Foscam's Customer Service is.  Hello, you don't want to talk to Customer Service, the product should be user-friendly enough so you don't have to call for help.
