A review with sample pictures
I upgraded from Canon T1i to Canon T4i.  Having this T4i camera for 3 days and taking more than 1,000 pictures in different modes and environments, I want to write a few words for other fellows. The main reasons for my upgrade are: 1) 9 cross-type focusing points; 2) Faster shooting burst rate; 3) Continuous video focusing; 4) Touch screen (very useful features).  The picture quality is from very good to excellent.  Color tone is realistic.  Pictures from T4i camera look better than pictures from T1i camera in term of white balance and sharpness (probably from the benefits of 9 cross-type focus points).  It is definitely more snappy in sport mode, focusing is fast and burst rate is good.  I do like the continuous focusing feature in the video mode because of the convenience.  It takes between 1 - 2 second to focus to new scene and you can hear the focusing noise from the lense.  Definitely, there are rooms for improvement (faster focusing and reduce the motor noise during focusing) in video feature.  I don't have the new Canon STM lense, so I don't know if it is quite or not. This camera is good enough as an entry level and for people who to upgrade from their point-and-shoot cameras. Link to some sample pictures that I took with my Canon T4i camera (go to flickr. com and search under tags only for henrynnguyen).  I uploaded the orginal picture size (3456x5184 pixels), but the flickr. com reduced the picture size to 1365x2048 pixels.  Hopefully that you still have a sense of how the picture quality look.  Most of my pictures were taken in raw format, then converted to jpeg format using Canon provided software. The lenses that I used were Canon 50mm F1.4 USM and Canon 28-70mm F2.8 L series.  The memory card is ScanDisk 32GB, UHS-1 rated.  The Canon T4i camera performs as advertised by Canon.  My main interests are accurate and fast focusing with high burst rate (who is not???).  Overall, this is a very good entry dSLR camera.  So, I am happy with the product and intend to keep it.
