This is really quite a nice vacuum for the price!  Is it perfect?  No, but it was less than $70 and it did a better job of cleaning my house than my old Eureka canister vac and my commercial Sanitaire upright together. I know it sounds sick, but I actually enjoyed the process of vacuuming my house tonight testing out this machine.  Some things about it impressed me, some things about it amused me, and some things frustrated me as I saw the limitations of the vac.  I was truly impressed with the suction power of the vac.  When pushing it along it actually drew dog hair to it from under the furniture from about a foot away (on my hardwood floor).  Wow!  On the minus side, creating all that suction creates quite a flow of air exiting the vacuum, which had a tendency to push the dog hair along the floor in front the vac.  It would have been better if they could have placed the exhaust in a different spot on the vac to avoid that problem.  When vacuuming in front of the fireplace the exhaust actually pushed the flames out of the fireplace into the room!  Note to self - shut off fireplace before vacuuming!  When vacuuming the laminate stairs on the way down to my office it actually worked more like a lawn vac pushing the dog hair down the stairway which for some reason I found quite funny, but in the end I was able to suck up the hair when it finally reached the bottom of the steps.  The vac also did quite a credible job on my area rugs and low pile wall to wall carpeting.  The vacuum was very easy to adjust to handle all of the transitions that I have in my house - ceramic floors, wooden floors, oriental rugs, and wall to wall carpeting.  It did a good job on all of them. There are some minuses to the vac.  It really needs a longer power cord.  I couldn't finish any room in my house without having to move the cord at least once.  I would gladly pay the few extra dollars it would cost to add five to ten feet of cord.  Also the vac didn't fit into some tight spaces, so I had to use the hose to get to them, which isn't a problem with the vac so much as it is a limitation of using an upright instead of a canister.  I also wish that the vac had a longer hose, but that is a minor issue.  The last problem I found was that at the end of the evening I had to use a knife to cut out the dog hair that had wrapped around the beater bar.  There was so much hair wrapped around it that I could no longer see the bristles.  I didn't see any easy way to remove the beater bar for cleaning, so I turned the vac over, cut the hair, and pulled it out.  To be fair, the vac got put through it's paces tonight.  I have two border collies, and the one thing that border collies do even better than herding sheep is shedding.  Cleaning up their long hair would be a challenge for any vacuum.  My house was spotless for Christmas and I vacuumed up more hair today than is on the average German Shepherd. To sum things up, while the vac isn't perfect, I think that it is a fantastic vacuum, especially considering it's low price.  It did an great job on my floors and I am quite pleased with my purchase.
