Why am I reviewing this?
I hate emo. I hate bands like Taking Back Sunday, Finch, Hawthorne Heights, etc etc etc. This is a dying trend of music that came and went pretty fast in the 2002-2005 time period, and frankly I'm glad it's gone, even if the pseudo hardcore/ freaky deaky stop-start-stop-start music is no better. So what is it about this CD? Well this is what it is. My Chemical Romance and the Used, which are the only two bands in the emo/scene that I can deal with without wanting to kill myself because of how bad the music is, have one thing that the other bands do not. Rhythm and flow. That is, the music sounds like rock music that is chock full of quirks and curveballs, not a bunch of incoherant sounds that were accidentally meshed together and then saved by mistake. No, My Chemical Romance, while I admit that I used to hate, actually deserve some credit here, because they manage to make a music that is so incredibly mainstream friendly, but they still stay true to the fact that they are musicians. The craft songs that have a rocking feel to them, that you could bang your head to if you wanted. YES I SAID BANG YOUR HEAD NOT HARDCORE DANCE LIKE SOME OF THESE OTHER BANDS OUT THERE. Now I don't know what fans do at shows like these, I've never seen this band live and never intend to. Honest to God I sold this CD to protect my ego and pride, and get some money to buy some more Bad Religion, but I burned myself a copy before I did and every once in a million years I listen to it, because as much as I would love to dismiss this band as mainstream codswallup, I can't, because they're not. Their new CD, the one after "Black Parade" has rumors about it returning to a simpler punkier feeling roots. If they did that, that'd truly be great. They need to step away from the mainstream garbage because quite frankly, they're a step above it. I don't have all that much more insight to the typical person who would read this review or like this band, but that's okay 'cause they probably spend more time in Hot Topic than they would actually reading anything, and they probably already have this CD illegally downloaded for their ipod anyway, so it's not like I'm going to be the decision maker as to whether you buy this CD. But if I hypothetically was the decision maker, I'd say borrow it from someone, listen to it, maybe burn a copy, and if you're really into that, why not buy it. Highlight Tracks: "Thanks for the Venom" "Till the End" "Give 'em Hell Kid"
