Roomy and holds tons, but not quite my bag, baby
I've had this bag for two years or so, from the start when I first got my Canon EOS 60D camera. It's been with me ever since, going on trips to family gatherings and acting like a storage space for my gear when I'm at home. Over the years, I've expanded my personal photography collection by adding a 50mm prime lens in addition to the 18-135mm kit lens, a Canon 430EX II speedlite, extension tubes, remote triggers, cleaning kits, rechargeable batteries and their charger, lens caps and so on. All of the above plus more fits in snugly without issue. This bag is great for it's purpose - it holds a lot. Though I'm no pro, I carry around all of my equipment that can fit in the bag, plus accessories, software, booklets and more. The only things I cannot jam in it are large items like my softboxes, tripods and props. While I haven't treated the bag roughly enough to vouch for its superior sturdiness - it has not gone hiking or anything strenuous - mine is still in good condition. No zipper breakage, fraying, tearing. To wear, it's very comfortable, and a plus side to the design was the strapped front which allowed me to jam water bottles and snacks in the front for easy snacking while on the go. I do not use the straps underneath or on the sides for my tripod (a Sunpak 620-750TMBB  Platinum Plus Tri-Monopod, Silver which is pretty hefty). It's unwieldy and the weight of the tripod causes it to sag on one side, and potentially slip free of the straps. Three of the issues I had with this backpack:1.) I originally wanted a bag with a hammock system, such as the Case Logic SLRC-203 Large SLR Camera Bag (Black). The hammock really appealed to me as extra additional protection against sudden jarring. However, at the time I purchased this backpack, that sort of bag was not available. This backpack allows the camera to be placed at the top with the lens facing down, but it's not a hammock style and it is not, in my opinion, securely contained. Especially when I have my short 50mm prime lens on, the camera can shimmy loose and move around and potentially fall out.2.) I also wanted a bag with a stable base. Be warned - this Canon backpack is NOT stable. Especially considering the bag can be top-heavy from the camera being placed on the top, it can and will fall over. This has always been my biggest concern, and I always take care to prop the bag up safely, or lay it down to prevent damage. More than anything, using a bag that causes me more need for concern than assuaging it, is a big loss in points for me.3.) Should the bag fall forward, there is little to no padding on the front to cushion the fall. I've taken to putting booklets, DVDs and cleaning cloths in the pockets to help the padding, but it still makes me wince to see the bag tottering over. In short, after a few years of usage, I've finally put in the money and purchased a Kelly Moore Mimi Bag (Black). I wanted something to protect my gear while looking sophisticated enough to take out for social gatherings and family shoots, without branding the bag as a camera bag with lots of theft goodies in it to nab (that old Canon logo sure is obvious on this backpack!)That said, I will be keeping my Canon backpack at home to store items that I don't need for my every day use, and for those long trips where I need a bag that can carry some weight comfortably. And if it comes down to it, a bag that I won't mind scuffing up.
