After having done a lot of research on Haier portable washing machines we decided to go with the HLP23E.  Funny thing is that this is the washing machine that has hardly any information about it on the Haier website ([...]) and I could hardly find any informative reviews either.  One of the differences between the two other portable washing machines Haier offers and this one is that the wash tub is NOT made out of stainless steel.  This, however, in no way affects its performance.  Also, I am one of the consumers that did receive it with a couple dents.  These are purely cosmetic and also does not affect the performance of the machine.  I was able to fit a surprising amount of laundry into the tub!  It's bigger than I expected, which makes it kind of difficult to move around when I'm not using it, but we plan to put it on a rolling base to eliminate that problem. Haier also offers the rolling base. ([...])  It was VERY easy to set up, though the directions were very vague.  It's easy enough for one to figure it out.  I have had NO problems with leaks or noise.  In fact, I find it a lot quieter than I had expected.  The only problem I have had is the lid.  It is hinged in the middle and has recently snapped off.  It will be an easy fix, but I was bummed that it didn't take too long for a little piece to break.  We are still able to use it, but it just slides off really easy when opening or closing the whole lid. All in all I find this machine a complete life saver.  I'm pregnant and have been on bed rest almost my entire third trimester and this has made life a thousand times easier since I no longer can make trips to the laundry room in our apartment complex.  PLUS, we were spending almost $50 a month in quarters for the laundry machines and are now saving enormous amounts of money with this great machine! (Plugs into a regular wall outlet and hardly uses any energy!)  Laundry is always done and I don't have to travel down stairs and across the complex with loads of laundry! Our next purchase will be the 3.5 SQ FT portable dryer.  For now we hang dry everything, which is not a problem for us.  Also, keep in mind that for large items (like bedding and such) you will probably need to utilize a full size washer and dryer.  We use our washer for pretty much everything else, like towels, pants, clothes, underwear, socks, small blankets, dish towels, fabric liners on strollers and car seats, baby clothes, diapers, etc.  There's plenty of cycle options and you can customize what kind of cycle you want at any time.  Water levels are also adjustable.  Temperature is easy to change.  If you want to do a warm load, just adjust your faucet to warm. Same with all temperatures.  If you need the different cycles to be different temperatures, just adjust the faucet as you would normally between tub fillings.  It's super easy!
