BEST TOASTER EVER!
First, I'm a technology geek who is always attracted to gadgets. However, I'm demanding in that they must be high quality and work well. I want the best performance for the dollar and am usually willing to pay more to get it. I first tried the KitchenAid 4 slice toaster that has received high marks on this site. I opened box and immediately felt the parts were cheap and likely wouldn't last long. I then decided to get the Breville 4 slice which by comparison is built like a "Sherman tank".  It feels like it is twice the weight; the controls are simple and ingeniously logical. Important to us is that it toasts evenly, consistantly and every side of the toaster stays cool to the touch except for the very top (makes sense to me). The clean out trays are super easy to use. My wife is the opposite of me - not impressed by technology and will usually look for the lowest priced item out there even if it becomes a "throw away" after 3 months. Even she felt the KitchenAid lacked durability and OK'd its return. After my 15 second Breville lesson for her she said things I never heard from her before like: "Wow this is built so logically and well this will last forever"; "Boy that (lift & look) feature will save a lot of wear on this unit because that seems to be why other toasters break most- lifting up on the front lever spring to check how much it is toasted"; "This is the first toaster that had slots long enough for Rye bread". Like I said she is never impressed by gadgets so what surprised me most after I did an errand was when she excitedly welcomed me at the door with "That was the best toast I ever had!" Who gets that excited over a toaster? Certainly not her. My experience with Breville has led to my son buying the variable speed juicer (5 stars); I'm going to get myself the Breville Smart Oven and for our anniversary I'm going to get the Breville Coffee maker. By year end everything on our kitchen counter will be Breville.  Do they make a microwave yet?
