Dramatically better than the original, but I hate the "Customers Also Bought" replacing "Favorites" on the Home Screen
We were really impressed last year when we bought the original Kindle Fire to supplement our existing family of e-ink readers, but the new Kindle Fire HD takes things to a whole new level. Screen.  I rarely use the Fire, or the Fire HD, for reading, since the e-ink Kindles are much better for that.  For playing games, watching video, using apps, and surfing the web, the Kindle Fire HD is dramatically improved from the original Fire.  The higher resolution display not only looks great, but allows even more content to be displayed in the same amount of real estate.  For the price, it is incredible how crisp and clear it is.  I also like the new aspect ratio.  I didn't dislike the old, elongated, screen, but I think that this squarer shape is an improvement.  Also, the resolution isn't the only thing that is improved on this screen.  The colors and blacks are also improved from the original Fire. Touchscreen.  The touch interface on the Fire was pretty good, after they issued a few software patches to make the experience more consistent.  On the Fire HD, the touchscreen is great, right out of the box.  I haven't had a chance yet to fully evaluate the 10-point multitouch feature of this touchscreen, but it seems like it will work well.  Anyone planning on playing games designed to put all 10 fingers on the screen might want to get the larger sized Fire HD 8.9. Glare.  One of my main complaints about the original Kindle Fire was the glare.  It isn't completely gone on the Fire HD, but it is noticeable improved to the point that glare is no longer an issue in most environments. Battery life.  The battery life on the original Fire was good, but there was room for improvement.  They improved the battery dramatically.  I think that having Android 4.0 ICS running this version of Fire HD is probably the biggest source of the battery improvement, but however they got there, it is great.  I don't mind that it didn't come with a charger, because it is kind of crazy that every single piece of electronics comes with a Micro-USB charger.  Standardizing on Micro-USB is great, but there is no benefit if everyone includes one.  I am using my HTC Evo V 3D charger with the Fire HD.  At 1amp of output, it is a little slower than the 1.8amp one that Amazon sells, but faster than plugging it into a computer or into an older phone charger (typically about .5amps). Build quality and durability.  Especially considering the price, the build quality on this device is incredible.  It easily matches the build quality of the Asus/Google Nexus 7, and almost completes with the iPad.  You won't be disappointed, even without regard to price. Audio.  The only thing that I truly disliked about the Kindle Fire was its lack of physical volume buttons.  That has been rectified on the Fire HD.  Also the sound is really good, both with and without headphones.  The speakers sound even better than the ones in my laptop.  I also love that they added Bluetooth support so I can use it with my wireless headphones.  It seems to work well too, and was fast to set up. Internet.  I had high hopes for the Silk browser when it first came out.  In reality, I don't notice it improving my experience.  Either way, though, the Fire HD works well at network tasks such as streaming Netflix, or downloading large content files.  The product page talks a lot about the Wifi capabilities of this Fire versus its competitors, but I can only tell you that it works well.  Without some extensive testing, on a variety of data and sources, it would be difficult to know if their efforts at improving the wifi have fully paid off. Speed.  Just like battery life was probably a combination of ICS and a larger battery, I think that the improvement in speed is probably a result of the new processor coupled with the software improvement.  However they achieved it, there is no lag at all, and the experience is downright snappy.  Nothing I have tried on the Fire HD was able to make it even pause.  Very fast. Storage.  This would be a better value if it came with an expansion slot to allow for more storage.  16GB is barely adequate when it comes to storing more than a few movies to watch on a trip, when you account for all the space that gets taken up by the operating system and other applications.  Since they don't have an expansion slot, I would recommend that you go with the 32GB version, until you always plan to use the device somewhere that has Wifi. New OS.  The interface on the Fire HD is more similar to the old one than it is different, but it is improved.  I love the fact that we can each have our own user account on it. HDMI.  Having the HDMI output port is great for travelers.  I love to be able to put my Amazon Prime and Netflix video content up on the screen in a hotel room. Ads.  The only complaint I have about the new Fire is that they really seem to be pushing the limits when it comes to advertisements.  Advertisements are so ubiquitous in the new Fire experience that it is starting to become a distraction.  In particular the "Customers Also Bought" row taking up half of the home screen, where favorites used to be, is a particular annoyance.  I may pay the $15 to opt out of the ads, but only if it removes them from all screens, and not just the lockscreen.  4 stars instead of 5 because of this. If you are new to tablet computing, I recommend that you check this one out.  It works great, and has something anyone.  If you are looking for a e-reader, you should look at one that has e-ink, like the new Kindle Paperwhite.  If you already have a first generation Kindle Fire and are happy with it, you might want to wait, or at least think hard, before upgrading.  The Fire HD is improved in every area from the original Fire, but if the Fire was working well for you, I don't know if shelling out another $200 will be worth it for you.
