Great little laptop for the price
Overall, this is a great laptop, especially at this bargain price. I'll go over point by point the features and their pros and cons so people know what they're getting and if it's right for them. Appearance and size: The laptop is pretty compact and very lightweight. Really easy to carry around. It's glossy black, which is prone to smudging, but is easily cleaned with a microfiber cloth. The keyboards is a good size. The finger pad for the mouse, however, I find a little too wide, as I find that my hand naturally rests in the area when I'm trying to move the mouse which got a little irritating, but I overcame the problem by watching my hand placement as I work on the PC. Screen resolution: It's crystal clear for basic things like webpages and pictures. Videos are a little less clear. Not bad, just not as clean as it could be. It is capable of 1080HD. OS: Since this is a review for the laptop and not the OS, I won't talk to much about Windows 8. I'll just say it is quite easy to get the hang of, and the regular desktop is still easily accessible. The start menu can also be brought back by purchasing and downloading Start8 from Stardock for $5. Another thing I'll say is because Windows 8 was really meant for tablets, default settings make it so you can swipe to access different apps you have open. This is annoying on a laptop, as too fast a move on your mouse pad swipes you to another app. This can be turned off in your settings. Movies and TV: As I said, videos aren't the cleanest picture they could be, but aren't bad either. A Netflix app is preinstalled on the PC, which I personally love and use all the time. DVDs play about the same as other media. The DVD drive can sometimes be a bit loud. Gaming: I should note that while this is not intended to be a gaming PC, this should not scare off occasional gamers. The PC is more than capable of handling the preinstalled games, as well as other more involved games. So far, I've played The Sims 3, Portal, Zoo Tycoon, and BioShock with no problems, save for the occasional slow load. Microsoft Office: The PC comes with Microsoft Office 2010 preinstalled (however you have to purchase the key code). If you, like me, already have Microsoft Office 2007 or an earlier version, these apps will be useless to you. You can still access Microsoft Office in either the desktop mode or the Windows 8 user interface. Just open the ones you installed rather than the preinstalled. Security: It comes with Norton. Delete Norton. Download your preferred security software. Overall usability: The first few days I had the laptop, it ran a little slow, but I think that was due to all the file transfers and program downloads I bogged it down with. Also, the PC is equipped with 4GB of RAM, but is upgrade capable up to 8GB. I highly recommend upgrading the RAM to 8GB to max out the PC. After installing the RAM and adjusting the PC setting accordingly, it ran fast and smoothly. The RAM is easy to install yourself. Thanks to the built in air conditioner and CoolSense app, the PC doesn't get hot and stays cool even while plugged in. The PC also has a whopping 750GB of storage space, incredible for the PC's price and size (however it actually translates to 672GB with the OS). The 672GB should last a long time. Bottom Line: This PC is excellent for the price, and should suit the average user's needs. It's cheap, efficient, and pretty sweet.
