Perfect and Awesome for Smoothies!!!
I was looking for an inexpensive small personal blender that was powerful, easy to use, and could blend a perfect smoothie. I did a lot of research and looked into about a dozen other brands including the famed "Magic Bullet". What I found out was that not all personal blenders are made equal. The "Magic Bullet" didn't get very good reviews even though it is by far the most popular. After all my intense research, I settled on this one... The Hamilton Beach Single Serve Blender. Here's the scoop on what makes this surprising blender the "cream of the crop" :)Pros:-Simple and easy to use-Easy to Clean-Powerful enough to chop frozen fruits (and probably ice too)-Pulse button allows you more control because you can start or stop it.-Seems very sturdy and only has 3 parts to it. (lid, glass, and base)-This thing is freaking cheap... got mine for $15.-Blends Smoothies perfectly with no unchopped pieces of fruit.-Power cord can be tucked in and wrapped around bottom of base for storage. Cons:-Emits a slight 'burnt oil' odor while it is in operation... but it's not as bad as it sounds.-The Lid seems kind of flimsy. Conclusion:At $15 this little blender is not only a bargain, it gets the job done and does it well! In fact, it works just as well as my friend's personal blender which costs more than twice the amount I spent on this one. The elegance and simplicity of the design is also to be admired. The plastic blending container also doubles as a travel mug and the Lid to it doubles as a sipping lid when used as a travel mug. It's a nice surprise to see a product in which you can see that they put a lot of thought into it's design. It's positive aspects greatly outshine the few negatives... especially when considering the price. So if you need an amazing blender but you're on a budget, pick this one up and never look back! By the way, this thing is also available elsewhere... like "Wally World" and "Target" ... and at the same low price :)
