I PAD 2 Initial Thoughts
So I'm in the kitchen, listening to my music library, and typing a review for the I-Pad 2. I have put a little more than 14 hours of research and 6 hours of non-stop use. I'm not gonna waste my time writing the specs for this device because if you are reading this I assume you already know the specifications, if not you can easily access the Apple website and do your own research. This review is aimed more towards the educated consumer. A consumer, who like me, has spent various hours of the night researching and contemplating his or her next moves. First, I want to start off with the word "tablet", what is a tablet and who needs it? As an avid P. C. user, I tend to define the device as too short, too little. A underpowered, pre-mature device not ready for this day and age. The truth is, their are more people out there who need a tablet versus a laptop. Having a quad core, overclocked, power hungry P. C. I am like most other users; who tend to have a bias when selecting/comparing  portable products. I have been for some time; looking for a laptop with great battery life, portability and power? I first went out and purchased a Macbook pro for about $1199+ some. After a couple weeks of use I was in love. I could not stop showing it off and playing with it. Then I attempted to play games and yes they were playable! But I found myself running to my P. C. whenever I was gonna get serious and then I found myself using my desktop when editing videos. Yet again, I found myself running to my P. C. when it came to doing anything that involved time and effort... It was at this point that I realized that I never used my laptop for more than a hour. Utilizing a mere 20-40% of its power. I used it for; writing papers, showing off pictures and Internet browsing. So I decided to return it. In search for something that made sense. I never considered a net-book useful or even worthy of my time, even less a tablet. The Motorola Xoom came out and I thought it had potential compared to last years 256MB I-Pad. It offers 1GB of internal memory and 32GB of storage space, all for $599. It not only had the potential, but also the power I craved. Although, its pre-mature operating system was a deterrence. This is the same thing that turned me away from the original IPad. Dispite the fact that I liked the original, if people didn't demand it, the product would die and I would be left with a 500 dollar piece of silicon or waste. I needed something portable and practical. I just felt the tablet was a little more practical, if not more useful too because of its  portability and extended battery life. So I took the plunge and got the Ipad 2. First impressions didn't fall short; it was easy to set up, had a beautiful screen, and gorgeous aesthetics. While Apple boasts about its 60,000 app's, I'll tell you what, it's not enough (way better than android though). While you can download IPhone and ITouch apps; they are simply not the same (a 3.5inch app on a 9inch screen). Face Time also seems to be problem, since it cost money for all your friends who don't have an IPad 2 or new Macbook. Tango or Skype are excellent alternatives, but still only supported in a 3.5 inch window. Despite this, it has some killer apps (e. g gmail, calendar syncing, web browsing and etc). My favorite app is TeamViewer, which gives you remote access to your PC from anywhere. This app is simply amazing. I was able to install some programs to my PC from school! While It doesn't support flash, it plays almost every video stream I've seen from the web. Hey, that's all I needed anyways. So I can't complain, but all you flash gamers might. Now I found this whole "touch-typing" thing to be an exasperation. Since I am primarily using this product for note taking, its important I am as accurate as possible. Keys kept skipping and words kept missing. So I upgraded to the Apple-wireless-keyboard.. sigh. It was a well spent 69.00 dollars (cheaper models are available). I am able to control volume, brightness and music. Also makes my tablet feel more like a high end net-book. I want to talk a little bit more about writing. I bought this tablet with the intention of using google docs. Well it works, but you have use the mobile version, which has limited functionality. I tried switching to desktop editing, but it was horrendously slow and unworkable. As a matter of fact I'm writing this with google docs now. As long as you are not using bullet points or etc; you should be fine. I do notice some errors that result from a slow ping, so it's worth trying noting it happens. I could more easily recommend using apple's built in "note-taker". Its responsive, practical and free. As far as "Air-Play" goes, simply amazing. Kind of a pain to set up though. One really has to go into every setting in I-Tunes and mark share libraries under preferences and account profile. When the set up is complete, you simply log in with your I-pad and use the same mobile user name and you are good to go. Of course you have to keep your computer running the whole time unless you have a dedicated server of some sort. Air-paly grants you access to your music, videos and HD collection. which makes that whole HDMI out thing really convenient. Granted its only 720p, Ive never noticed a huge difference between 720 and 1080p Additionally stream times are relatively quick. Just keep in mind this depends a whole lot on your network. Which bring me to my next issue of storage. I honestly feel the only thing anyone needs on tablet is, pictures and apps. Unless you are going on a long trip; a couple movies. I am content and don't think I would ever need an I-Pad with more storage. As far as 3G goes, will its just that. A three year old bandwidth solution. If you can get a tethering plan instead, I would highly recommend it, as you can also transplant GPS automatically when tethering. All in all I'm really content I took the I-Pad 2 plunge. A dive, I really never saw myself taking or considering. Having an android phone and P. C.; it would seem like honeycomb would have made more sense; considering the attractive specs and all. None the less, the IPad 2 meets my draconian standards for 2011. Making any other device look over weight and under-spec'd. While the consensus of professional reviewers have voted the camera insufficient, I could honestly say it does what I need it to do, which is provide fun and entertainment. The rear HD camera is similar to the one installed on the new macbook pro models (2011 refresh). Other than that, I don't plan on taking high quality photos with the device. I might do future reviews with the camera though. check out my youtube channel for video reviews, just look up oceansidecreations.
