Excels in close-up shots!!!
Stepping up from a low-end Nikon camera, this Canon has been quite an upgrade for just a few dollars more.  Just the control you'll have over every little setting has been really great. Batteries - This camera will take two AA batteries.  Before purchasing the camera, I saw handful of reviews complaining about this camera draining batteries, but I honestly have no idea what they are talking about.  I wasn't counting, but the cheap AA batteries the camera came with probably gave me a 100 to 200 shots.  Some taken with flash.  Out of the four digital cameras I've owned, this in fact has been the most energy-efficient camera I've owned.  After using up the cheapie AA batteries, I now use the rechargeables, and they've been working out just perfectly. Picture/Close-up's - I am a horrid photographer.  With the Nikon Coolpix L12, I think I was pretty much the worst photographer in the world.  Nikon was bullet-proof however, and it is still 100% functional.  But the reason I started shopping for new camera was the close shots.  I tried take pictures for eBay, or of diecast cars, and Nikon Coolpix L12, like many other cameras were not equipped to take close-up shots.  Pictures all ended up being blurry, out of focus.  This Canon however, there has been times that I'm so close to the object, the lens accidentally tap what I'm trying to take a picture of.  You can get almost that close, and it still takes a detailed photo completely in focus.  This ability makes this Canon my favorite camera. I waited until I owned this camera for little bit before writing this review.  This is because I was bit worried about the latching design on the battery cover/door.  I did not like the way it released/unlatched/opened, and I was somewhat skeptical of its' durability.  I'm happy to report that battery cover, along with everything else has been rock-solid on this camera.  I've never owned a Canon before this, but I would not hesitate recommending one after my experience with this camera. I was originally going to give it four stars, because the pictures I take does not exactly come out professional quality, but thinking about it a bit more, that's more of the problem with the operator.  Pictures do come out pretty good, which means the camera is compensating a lot for lack of photography skills, or even basic knowledge on my part.  PowerShot SX130IS gets five stars from me.  Damn near perfect camera for the price.
