Wow!
About a year and a half ago I was able to get an Android without a contract.  It was the Samsung Intercept, also through Virgin Mobile, and it was not a good experience.  I rode it out as long as humanly possible but I could not depend on the phone to get a text or a call, and the last missed call from the school nurse told me it was time for a new phone.  (Not literally a missed call, but you can't get a call if the phone won't turn on.)  This time I wanted to be sure I got a phone that worked without spending many hundreds of dollars, so I did a lot of research.  I looked into different no-contract plans and phones and I finally decided to stay with Virgin Mobile.  They aren't great but neither are the options, we've talked to a few, and my daughter has Boost... they are the same, to me, as Virgin Mobile. I decided to give this phone a shot.  I am so glad I did. I have only had this phone a short time but I am very impressed.  I charged and activated my phone.  Since I already had an Android, I signed in to Google and with that came my contacts, calendar, and the Play store with all my apps.  I went down the list, loaded the ones I wanted to keep, picked a few new ones, and the downloading began.  They came across so quickly I was sure there were some missing, but there were not.  The screen was crystal clear and responded perfectly.  I organized my apps on to my pages and played with the phone for days.  I tried streaming music with I Heart Radio and my Amazon MP3 music.  I tried out a personal assistant app with voice recognition.  I went through live wallpapers.  I played games.  All worked smoothly, no delays, not a peep of complaints about memory.  Some things I took off, but the majority stayed.  I love some of the widgets.  SoundHound is my favorite because I hate not knowing what the new song playing is... now I know! The Android keyboard is fine, I have big fingers and little frustration.  The fun is the Swype keyboard, where you touch the first letter but then don't pick your finger up until you finish tracing the word.  It works so much better than I thought it would and I actually prefer it.  The voice recognition is better than I thought, though I would like to see it do a little more. Overall this phone is easy on the wallet, easy to use, a pleasure to own, and a nice example of an Android.  If you are in the market for this type of phone, I don't think you'd be disappointed with the Elite. Update:It is nine months later.  I still love this phone.  I talk, take pictures, text, play games, use other apps.  I use it as my alarm clock plugged in by my bed five days a week.  I use the GPS feature.  I had a basic case and screen protector on it, dropped it without knowing it, and dragged it under my shopping cart for a bit.  It has a small scratch on the edge of the phone, nothing else wrong.  It never locks up on me, works quickly even loaded with apps and photos, and has been very dependable.  The only complaint I have is the battery life.  It will last maybe half the day, depending on how much you use it.  Even without using it, just having it with me, it will not last the whole day.  This hasn't been a problem and I have enough places to plug it in so that it doesn't die, but for somebody who depends on battery life and does not have the opportunity to plug in, this phone will fall a little short.  We are going to Disney soon and I will be getting a portable battery to charge my phone during the day, but I do know my phone will still get me though!
