Hackable  Region Free Samsung DVD C500
As I haven't had this long, this will be initial impressions, but for now. First player was DOA, the tray wouldn't open, but Amazon were great about sending a replacement that arrived the next day and UPS picked up the dead player. This player is hackable to make it regionless following instructions at this link: [...]You're looking for the description by Milesy, April 06 2011. It's detailed and easy to follow. On the grid of numbers mentioned, I didn't have 8 or 22 highlighted, so I left them alone and only changed the 3 to a 2 in the first step and then followed the second step of the process and it worked perfectly. As the player is inside a cabinet, we can't hear the DVD tray noise that other people have mentioned, but even with the cabinet open, it's not noticeably loud at all. The firmware on the player, which is one shy of the current one listed on the Samsung website has fixed the issue of the player not turning on when you open the DVD tray, so that you don't have to power it up first, so that's no longer a issue. Set up was easy, I used a HDMI cable I had, but it's a shame that one isn't included, just component cables. The video and audio quality is great and the upscaling does look really impressive, much better than our old Philips player, which also did a great job. Some initial cons would be the lack of full control buttons on the front of the player. You have power, tray open and play/pause. Also it's a shame the player can't play mpeg4 type movie files, even though the info in the settings says the system is a C550, which is the model up that has the USB socket to allow those files. It's also a little slow to load up when switched off, but on the other hand it does go straight back to where you were if you stopped a movie mid way through and it also loads up the movie pretty quickly. Over all I say it's a really good player, especially considering it's $40. I did knock one star off though because it didn't have the newest firmware already installed and the first player was DOA. Edit: I initially said it came with a component cable, I meant it came with a regular red/white/yellow video/audio cable. There are also AAA batteries for the remote.
