Some Major flaws, but satisfied overall
Bought this for a 60" Samsung Slim LED TV. As always I try and do my research before buying these types of things, but this one had a couple of curveballs which were annoying. First and foremost - there is a small plastic level (no, not the one you see in the picture, there is another one) that's actually attached to the base unit itself. Clearly it's been just glued on or affixed without having been leveled itself first, it is not installed properly on mine and a good thing I didn't trust it from the get go. Double check this level or use your own. The one that's included at a separate level works fine, but I used my own instead. Second - If your TV doesn't by default come with the necessary bolts to attach the bracket, they did do a good job of trying to cover a large base of all the different types of bolts. In my case however, they had the right bolt (M8) but wrong length. A quick trip to the hardware store resolved this no problem. Third - How difficult would it have been to include a paper or plastic template of the bracket for lining up holes for marking and pre-drilling your walls? Not very much I don't think. Anyway, without an included template you and a friend must either hold up the heavy wall plate and mark them, or (as I did) trace out your own paper template and use it up on the wall. Pain in the rear end. My last issue is the finished installed and hung product. While I've not actually had anything negative happen with it, it does cause me some stress: You literally hang the brackets with the tv mounted on a bar, and then screw in the screws on the bottom of the bracket upwardly onto another bar. There's nothing I can see that would prevent the TV from sliding off to the left or right. A very small plate or even a bump or ridge of some kind could easily prevent this. And again, it would take a lot for this to happen but I could see it happening none the less. On the positive side the included cable is sufficient. It has enough of a tilt thats easy enough to set. It feels sturdy when properly installed, I put 60lbs of weight on it over night to test before putting my TV on and no problems. Holes and cut-outs are conveniently located, but this will vary from TV to TV. All in all it's OK, a decent purchase and good for the price.
