Feb 17:  Below is my original review, Jan. 15th.  I'm modifying it because as of today, I have to say that this thing is flawless so far AND it picks up random kibbles that escaped the dog's bowl.  Five stars.  Worth the price, no question.(Jan 15)It does what everyone says it does, so well that I was actually disappointed because it only took three minutes for me to do my whole apartment & then I had to put it away.  That was IT? It's OVER?! This thing looks and feels and sounds like a toy.  It's really lightweight, it's shiny plastic, you can whip it around quickly.  I turned it on & it's relatively quiet, which made me think "where's the suction?".  I lifted it up to feel how powerful the suction was with my hand, & thought "oh no" because it seemed weak.  I did the apartment to see if it worked on the doghair.  I looked at the dirtcup.  Wow.  There was stuff in there I didn't even know was on the floor. Then I vacuumed the light rug in the kitchen--the suction almost sucked up the rug (the rug is not secured to the floor, guess I'll be changing THAT).  So I guess the lesson is, don't judge the vacuum by it's suction on your hand (unless you plan to vacuum it regularly). This thing is awesome!  I gave it 4 out of 5 stars because 1) I wanted it to be cheaper, and 2) still not sure how it works on heavier particles.  But so far so good. UPDATE:  FEB 16, 2011I lowered my 5-star rating to 3-star rating.  Why? because after a year, I've noticed some consistent problems with this machine that are irritating but not unworkable.  First off, the suction remains top-notch.  It definitely "SUCKS", no problem in that department.  The problem is, if you use it every day (especially if you have a pet), the place on the machine where the head meets the neck is CONSTANTLY getting clogged. I have had to take that thing apart and unclog it COUNTLESS times now.  At least every 3 weeks.  It's always a simple buildup of fine dust that cakes up into a solid mass. The other thing is that I've replaced the rotating brush at least 3 times in the past year.  Maybe I use the thing too much, but I thought it was built for that.  Not a big deal, but the 6-year warranty ONLY covers manufacturing, it does NOT cover parts or repairs.  (how lame is that!)So, this thing gets 3 stars now.
