battery will not hold charge, very buggy phone, do not recommend
I initially purchased a refurbished model of this phone from tracfone and used it for approx. one month. I ordered this one from amazon for the triple minutes for life but returned it without activating it, because of the problems I had with the first one.  Perhaps the one I got from tracfone was buggy.  I had problems setting up voicemail. and touch screen was slow to respond. occasionally the screen would freeze, and I would turn off phone and restart it,  and then it would work.  I  kept accessing the browser by accident, until I found out how to remove the browser icon from the home screen, highly recommend doing this. otherwise will loose minutes.  overall I found this phone not very user friendly.  I'm finding the newer model( that I purchased from Amazon) much easier to set up and use, touch screen better, very pleased with newer model.  This model is less than half the price, though, , and ok for making basic phone calls.  at first I could not figure out how to access the dial pad during a call.  the dial pad would disappear once the phone call started and 4 odd icons showed up at the bottom of the screen.  You have to unlock the screen again and then more icons show up, including the one for the dial pad.  One frustrating thing about this phone, the screen would lock during use,  requiring freq. unlocking while using it. program would still work but I would have to unlock the screen anytime I wanted to access other options.  on the newer model the screen does not lock while program is running.  dial pad icon is visible without having to do anything else. much easier to use. touch screen is larger and more responsive.  and browser icon is not on home page.  I found this model frustrating to use,  much prefer the newer model. well worth the additional cost. and Amazon has great deals.  I still love my LG840 phone, highly recommend that model. UPDATEStay away from this one. I kept it and have had it on airplane mode, just using it for it's stopwatch app. but it will not hold a charge. I do not use it very much and every time I turn it on the battery is dead.  the latest time,  I charged it and the next day  it was dead again. with no use of it at all. am not able to use it at all. for anything, is total waste of money.  Lg840 phone is much better deal. I am so glad I upgraded to the new model. I would hate to have to rely on this buggy, dead battery phone, do not recommend it even for basic calls.
