Despite some annoyances, a great nostalgic read
As a 37 year old guy who has been a gamer for nearly 30 years I was told I needed to read this book. So I did and really enjoyed it. If you grew up in the 80s you'll really enjoy the references (TV shows, video games, movies, etc.), but honestly they do grow old after awhile. It almost seems like he's trying too hard to squeeze so many in. Thankfully the stuffing of 80s references backs off as the story gets going. And once it got going I couldn't put it down. Now I'm not a big fan of Young Adult Fiction, and while I would have a hard time classifying this as such (far too many f-words and inappropriate content for your typical YA fiction novel), with main characters that are mostly teenagers you have to navigate some of the irritating teenage lingo, as well as the cheesy descriptions of a teenage boy "falling in love". It's rather distracting for me. Most probably won't care, but I kept wanting the story to move on. Despite an early and quite extensive rant against religion (which made a little sense in context of the story but was otherwise pointless), and a few mentions of global warming (just annoying), I really enjoyed the story a lot. While these things annoyed me the story kept me reading. I can overlook annoying dialogue if the story is engaging. And in Ready Player One it is. Once it got going it was very fast paced with only a few slow moments. The end was satisfying and I was actually wishing it was part of a series (preferably with the characters a bit more grown up). Whether the author intended it or not, it seems like a commentary on how dependent we are on digital media and entertainment and how so many people seem to prefer living in a virtual world (or in social media where they can be whatever they want) than in the real world, interacting with people face to face. So some annoyances aside (mainly the occasionally annoying dialogue), it's a really fun read. Any fan of 80s pop culture, movies, video games and TV should really enjoy it.
