I liked this book until...
**Warning: Spoilers in this review**This is the first Maya Banks book I have read.  A friend of mine recommended her, I saw this book was coming out, and figured I'd give it a go.  The excerpt released early was very well written and definitely caught my attention. The story is about a man (Gabe) who has been secrectly lusting after his best friend's younger sister (Mia), who ironically has been lusting after him for a long time too.  The age gap is 14 years (she's 24, he's 38),and one night he decides it's time for him to pursue the type of relationship he really wants with her.  There's a job offer to disguise their affair (Gabe and Mia's brother are business partners and the couple wants to keep their relationship a secret from him and everyone), and a contract she signs basically saying she submits all control over to him. Gabe has all women he sleeps with sign a contract for protection after a very messy divorce where his ex-wife trashed him in public. Okay fine. The affair starts and it appears both are getting more and more attached to one another on an emotional level as the whole thing continues. Then the scene in Paris happens.  Gabe to prove to himself he isn't falling in love with Mia, lets other men 'touch' her while she is bound in a hotel suite without clothes on.  There's a part in the contract she had signed that states something about other men being involved in their encounters, but Mia thinks Gabe would never let that happen.  Gabe does and the whole thing goes horribly wrong.  One guy tries to do more than touch Mia, and when she says no he hits her.  Gabe fights the guy and kicks everyone out of their room.  I absolutely hated this scene and kept thinking if she doesn't kick him to the curb and quit the job, I quit this book.  Of course she didn't, only to be thrown under the bus again when her brother catches them in the act and discovers their affair. To be honest, I am not sure why I finished the book.  Maybe to see if the author rescued the plot in the end?  Who knows, but the Paris scene took this book from a four almost five, to barely a two.  In my mind no self respecting woman would stay with a man who did that to prove a point to himself, then to stick around to have him not stand up for her again when her brother discovers the affair. The plot just went too unrealistic for me and that was a huge turn off.  I will probably not read the other books in the series.
