Good for basics, lens is plastic and melts, and some other hints
I have bought many of these little cameras in the past year to put in all the vehicles for the house. Generally, they are good, the only initial downside seems to be the menu. There also seems to be two versions, one with a blue backlight for the buttons and another with red backlight. The one with the red backlight seems to have better hardware. Now, I live in Southern California where the sun is nice and ever present. In two vehicles, the cam works without issue. The settings have remained constant and picture quality as well. However, in another car, I use a shade every time I park. This leaves the camera between the windshield and the shade (non-reflective, just a solid white). I didn't think much of it, but I suppose this heated up the camera well enough to damage the lens. I'm not sure if it's made of plastic, but I assume it is. The picture quality turns very blurry, you can still see everything going on and get the major details in event of an accident, but you cannot discern details like outlines, license plates, exact position of lanes, etc. because the picture is pretty much equivalent to a legally blind person without their glasses. I thought I just had a faulty unit at first, so I sent in a return and ordered another one; but not too many days later, it happened again. So be wary if you are using a shade and/or live in a hot area. I'm still waiting to see if it will clear up somehow, I'm not too hopeful, but I'll update here if it does. A hint: to do a seamless record, set the time you want the video to go for (3 mins for example) but do not turn on motion detect. When the power is still on, hit record and when you turn off the power connection (auto off option), it will automatically save that recording before turning off. Once you turn it back on (auto on when you turn on the car, given that it is always plugged in), it will auto record even if there is no movement. I find this to be the most useful setting.
