Fun Despite its Flaws
I know it's a toy. You know it's a toy. But when you open the package, your first thought shall be: this is a toy. Chunky and plastic-y, with seams and flashing all over the place, the build quality isn't up to snuff. Considering other companies offer replica prop "toys" at the same price point with more elaborate electronics and metal parts, the Sonic Screwdriver doesn't feel like $20 in your hand. The UV light does indeed look blue in real life (as opposed to purple in photos) as others have noted, but it isn't the right shade, making the end look cheap when it's activated. The sound is quiet and the speaker is (inexplicably) mounted so that it points AWAY from the user, making it seem even quieter. There are two alternating sounds, one with a simple buzz, the other a buzz that pitches up slightly higher along with a looping "purring chirp", though the Sonic needs to be firmly planted against your ear to hear the difference in most situations. The "teeter-totter" design of the switch is just cheap, as the button could have easily been designed to be depressed by the slider switch... but that probably would cost an extra 2 cents per unit. In another ode to cheapness, the clear tube is molded in two separate pieces, leaving a huge seam down each side. Great. The battery compartment is hilariously oversized, meaning that the extra length added for the electronics is just wasted space, and this could have easily been proportioned like the actual prop. Quick note: the blurb about the toy being used in the show is a bit of a stretch; it was only used as a "stunt" prop, whenever the Sonic was supposed to be thrown, dropped or otherwise abused. The proper metal one was still used most of the time. The pen nib is an interesting addition, though you do have to twist the cap off when using it; pulling it will just unplug the whole tip. The UV feature works as advertised, but quickly loses what little charm it has. The regular pen tip is much more practical, if awkward to use unless you have gigantic hands. All in all, this feels more like a prototype, a bug-filled version to be tweaked and changed before production, but here it is. Too bad, as this could have been a great piece. But I gave it four stars. Because, no matter how cheap, now matter how poorly designed, no matter how maddening the numerous issues may be, this thing is still fun. Super fun. Stupid fun. I can't help but pick it up and play with it every time I see it! As a replica, this thing fails. As a toy, it's still riddled with problems. But it's a damned fun toy. 4 stars it is. For sheer fun.
