What a piece of junk
I recently purchased a number of knives, and this one will be hitting the utility drawer and staying there. Like others, I bought this knife after many favorable reviews both here and on YouTube. Here are the issues:- Weak steel. Gerber uses soft steel. It keeps the costs down, but other manufacturers in the same price range use better steel.- Not sharp. Blade arrived "sharpened", but not really. Try a cut test against a Kershaw or Spyderco and it's plainly obvious that the Gerber steel can't hold the same edge.- Blade arrived with nicks. I can't understand why, but the blade edge had a small dent in it. Certainly not enough to impede use, but come on Gerber.- FAST? Uh.... no. The main reason I bought this knife was for the FAST opening. Not only does the knife not have a back thumb access to open it (I hate thumb-stubs anyway), but I can push until my thumbs bleed on those thumb studs, and the knife won't open. I have to use two hands in order to open the knife. Complete fail.- Gritty. Can't tell if this is the spring or other manufacturing issue, but the blade action when opening or closing feel "gritty". This is not the mark of a good blade. Even other blades with similar action are able to give the user a smooth feel.- The lock. I can understand the point of the lock, but this thing is a piece of junk. It feels as though it will not last long and the mechanics of opening and then closing the blade are... frustrating. Other blades I bought:Smith & Wesson SWMP3BS Military and Police Knife with MAGIC Assisted Open Serrated Tanto Blade, Black - Great blade, good action, lock that makes sense, feels great. Spyderco Tenacious G-10 - Not an assisted opener, but man... what a great knife! The blade is long at 3.375", so I'm buying a Spyderco Persistence as wellKershaw OD-2 - Much smaller than I expected. More along the lines of a Gerber Mini Paraframe, but an excellent pocketable knife with a great edge and easy opening mechanism. Nice try, Gerber, but retire this one. It's junk.
