Good, but not sharp enough to justify the cost
At the time of writing this is the widest native prime lens available for the Micro Four Thirds (M43) system. With its f2 aperture (wide open), it's also the fastest lens in the wide to ultrawide category. The M. Zuiko 12mm f2 has several features that set it apart from other M43 lenses. Firstly, its all-metal body is stunningly attractive. Its silver finish and deep-set engraved markings help make it the best-looking M43 lens by far. Secondly, it is unique among M43 lenses in providing for zone focusing with a depth of field scale and aperture ring. This allows the user to focus without recourse to the live view screen or viewfinder, which is handy for street and landscape photographers. Thirdly, it is easily the most expensive prime lens in the M43 stable, with an RRP of $899 and street prices typically running $800+. It is this third point which stops the 12mm f2.0 from being a four or five star lens, because frankly it is is not sharp enough to justify the price tag. Granted, it is fairly sharp. But is not as sharp as the $350 M. Zuiko 45mm f1.8, the $400 Panasonic 20mm f1.7 or the $550 Panasonic Leica 25mm f1.4 DG, all of which are brighter and considerably cheaper. I was a little disappointed with the 12mm f2.0 out of the box because I could not achieve the sharp images I was used to getting from the 45mm f1.8, which only cost me a little more than half as much money. I discovered that only by mounting the 12mm on a tripod and stopping it down to f4 - f5.6 could I get results that were acceptably sharp across the frame. Those apertures constitute the sweet spot for this lens. It is sharpest in the centre at f4 and sharpest in the corners at f5.6. Colour rendition is very good. There is a hint of chromatic aberration (purple fringing) at times, but not enough to bother correcting in Photoshop. Some geometric distortion is evident when shooting straight-line architecture, but it is not noticeable in nature / landscape / street photography. The distance scale and focus ring are a joy to play with - and genuinely useful in some situations. I often zone-focus the 12mm f2 for landscape shots, especially when the live view screen is washed out by bright sunlight or I have placed the camera in an awkward position(I like to shoot low to the ground). To summarise, the M. Zuiko 12mm f2.0 is a good lens with some unique features, but it is not sharp enough to justify an $800 price tag. I think $500 would be a more realistic price for this lens. I bought mine for $600, and even at that price I think I paid a little too much.
