Restored version of a classic sci-fi tale
I've enjoyed "The Forever War" twice in the past twenty years.  When I heard that this new release was a "restored" version of the tale, I figured it was time to revisit it.  As Mr. Haldeman explains in the forward, he was forced to cut the original draft's middle section because it was too dark.  He was finally allowed by the publisher to reinsert it for this edition to create the definitive version of "The Forever War."For me, "The Forever War" works primarily on a character level.  I like William Mandella as a person, especially within the context of his relationship to Marygay.  Indeed, that's why I'm glad Mr. Haldeman got to add the missing middle section.  It establishes a greater bond between them that clarifies why they are so attached to each other.  Mandella also reminds me of the main protagonist in "Starship Troopers", an everyman caught up in extraordinary events who rises to the occasion.  The time displacement angle and resulting sociological changes are also intriguing, and serve as an obvious demonstration of the alienation combat veterans feel towards the civilians who remain safe and sound back in the "world."As for the titular conflict, I found it less satisfying.  The Taurans aren't an effective villain or fearsome enemy like Heinlein's Bugs.  They seem lethargic, or even befuddled, about the whole thing.  Perhaps I expected a more determined Vietcong-style enemy from what's supposed to be a Vietnam allegory.  But there are signs that Haldeman's ultimate villain is the war-hungry Earth government, desperate to inspire unity, save a faltering economy, and exert control via interstellar conflict.  Given Mr. Haldeman's status as a somewhat disillusioned baby-boomer Vietnam veteran, that makes sense.  Heck, I'm surprised that John Kerry hasn't appropriated the book for his campaign. In all, "The Forever War" is a worthy read, and deserves its status as classic science fiction.  Perhaps a visit from Frank Herbert or Robert Heinlein's muse would have enabled Mr. Haldeman to flesh things out a bit, but such a desire is unfair on my part.  If you're a military sci-fi buff, "The Forever War" stands well enough on its own.
