Very decent inexpensive still and 720P video camera
The video shows stills (including macro shot), panorama, and sample videos.  It shows tests on auto-focus response on videos as well as handheld full 30x zoom.  To see the full resolution video, search for "Fuji SL300 stills and video samples" online. This is a nice budget camera that can do a lot of things. It can shoot great stills, 720P videos, panorama, it can detect smiles and shoot automatically without pressing the shutter, manual and custom settings and you can shoot either via the large 3" LCD screen or the viewfinder.  By the way, the LCD screen do not tilts. By default the camera is set to digital zoom.  When you are shooting videos, the digital zoom stutters and uncontrollably fast, which is almost useless.  There is no way to slow it down no matter how gentle you are with the zoom controls.  The trick is to go to the LCD menu and change it to optical zoom.  Now you have nice and smooth zooming all the way to 30X for videos.  The only problem with the optical zoom is that you will hear the motor while shooting a movie. Strengths:- For the money, you get a lot of camera.- 30X optical zoom- Shoots stunning macros- Stabilization.  I am amazed how good it works handheld while panning.- Panorama is sweet.  It is very easy to do by overlapping the plus signs on the screen and the camera automatically shoots for you (3 frames only).  Only one direction though, from left to right.- There are two ways to activate zoom.  Around the shutter button and on the left side of the lens barrel.- The smile detection feature works without the need to press the shutter.- supplied with a lithium-ion battery and wall chargerLimitations:- The video is mediocre on low light / foggy situation.- On shooting videos, focus struggles once you pass 12x zoom and up.- Focus also gets confused easily when shooting moving subjects.- No external micWhat's not in the box:- You need to provide your own SD card.- Also missing is the micro HDMI cableOverall, this is a very good camera at this price point (around 240$ at the time of the review).
