Warning about underwater use!!!!
I purchased the TS20 from Amazon. com 2 days before my trip to Mexico.  Above water, the camera is everything expected (lightweight, stunning photos, easy navigation, slim profile, etc... If this was not advertised as a waterproof camera, I would have given it 4 stars... underwater is another story.  Before I get into what I happened, just know that I studied the user manual thoroughly before I used it in the water. The first day of the trip was completely away from the water.  Took some token pictures of mountains, the ocean, etc, etc; routine stuff.  The second day of my trip I went snorkeling and this is where the trouble began.  I took the camera snorkeling and captured some great pictures and video underwater.  Even in water the view finder provided clear images.  After about 30 minutes or so in the water, I swam back to the boat and began to clean the camera;  The manual provides basic cleaning instructions and I followed them to a tee.... about 45 minutes after I got onto the boat, I took the camera out to take some more pictures.  The camera came on, but all the buttons ceased to work.  I could not zoom in, use the menu or use any of the camera's functions after that.  I was relieved to find all my images/video were saved onto the SD card, but the camera was still inoperable, which is really a shame because the underwater shots came out great. Currently I am in the process of sending the camera back to Panasonic to see if they can do anything under the warranty... best case scenario they fix the camera and I use it only for above water photos... worst case scenario, I purchased a $135 paper weight... UPDATE 12/1/2012:I received a replacement camera late last week. In the notice included with the packaging, Panasonic stated the camera was either re-manufactured or brand new. From the looks of the packaging it appears to be a brand new camera.  Either way, the camera is in full working order and has been designated as my main "out of water" camera.  FYI... They also sent me an entire new set of cables, battery, charger, etc.. which was good because I left the original charger back in Mexico. About the process:I had to call and get a authorization code, send in the camera with a letter stating what happened and wait about 3-4 weeks.  Never received a call regarding the status, the replacement just showed up on my doorstep when I got home from work.
