A great tablet for any user now with 4.1 Jelly Bean!
I am what you would call a power user. I was looking for a 7 inch tablet after using and returning an ASUS Transformer due to its size and lack of video codecs. I needed a small tablet to read books, surf the web, play games, take class notes, and watch videos. After being disappointed at the Amazon locked Kindle Fire, not wanting to pay a high premium for an iPad, and the Nexus 7 lacking an expandable storage option, I found the Tab 2 7.0 a worthy tablet that hits all the points important to me.- Affordable. After being released at a good price of $250 this tablet has hit the magical $199 price point shipped on Amazon. An amazing price for what you get.- Launched with Android 4.0.4 but now has Android 4.1 Jelly Bean! This update has made the tablet quicker and much more responsive due to Project Butter. The layout has changed and is now more consistent between different devices. Google Apps are updated with better performance. Google Now shows cards based on your location and your Google searches. A much need update has breathed new life into this tablet. Update is available automatically on start up or via Settings, Software, Software Update.- Battery Life and Performance. I easily get 6.5 hours of "on screen time" for heavy use and have gone a couple of days without needing a charge. Over 8 hours for video (will vary due to brightness). An excellent duration. YMMV. With a TI OMAP 4430 Dual Core Processor, Performance is good. It is an older processor to keep the price low but is more than capable of running this tablet. No issues. Power Saver Mode provides longer battery without any noticeable decrease in performance. Brightness is allowed to be much darker than normal. Good for night reading.- Expandable Storage. With 8GB of internal storage and about half user-accessible, expandable storage is important for those with a big library of music and videos. I can store all my shows and movies on any size microSD. The tablet also plays MKVs, Xvid, and other important video formats with srt embedded or external subs support in the default Video Player and MX Player. Tested 720p. I am currently using a 16GB microSD Class 10 card.- Features. WiFi, Bluetooth, GPS, Front and Rear Cameras(Google Hangout is great), Good Dual Core Processor (TI OMAP 4430), 1 GB RAM, 4.5GB user accessible internal memory for apps, microSD Slot, and an IR Blaster (Peel App controls my TV and DVR flawlessly(Samsung HDTV + RCN Motorola DVR)).- The Tablet. Great build. Good screen at 7" and 1024 by 600 resolution. Easy to hold. Lightweight. The cons that are easily overlooked- Proprietary charge cable (prefer microUSB)- Camera quality is not very good (I would never use a tablet as a camera... Good for QR Codes and video chat though!)Like I said this tablet hits all the points important to me. Couldn't ask for a more balanced tablet in terms of hardware, software, price, and features. At $199 as of Jan 16, 2012, I highly recommend this tablet.
