Some Things to Keep in Mind Before Purchasing
The Kindle Fire HD "fast" charger is a required item for those who purchased the 8.9" HD Kindle Fire and want a speedier charge time.  Before purchasing it, there are few things to keep in mind. The HD Kindle Fire does come with charging capability through the USB cable supplied with the Kindle.  Using the USB cable connected to a computer, it will take up to 13-1/2 hours to charge.  What makes the charger you're looking at "fast" is it charges at a higher amperage than that of a USB connection charge through a computer.  The "fast" charger will charge your Kindle in about four hoursIf you've upgraded from the older Kindle Fire and still have that charger, you can use it instead of buying this one.  The older charger is rated at 5v, 1.8A and will work fine with the new Kindle.  Your charging time will be about the same as the "fast" charger.  In fact, any charger rated at 5v and capable of delivering 1.8A or more will work fine as long as it terminates with a micro-B USB connector.  Purchase this charger if 1) you don't have a charger and want to charge your HD Kindle Fire at a faster rate and/or 2) you want a spare charger in case your old one fails. One of the drawbacks of the new HD Kindle Fire is there is no way to tell the current charging state.  The new charger doesn't come with an LED indicating when the charge is complete and the power button on the new HD Kindle Fire doesn't illuminate and change color when fully charged (this was a feature of the old Kindle Fire that was lost with the new one).  There is an app that will tell you how full your battery is while charging.  Search for and download an app called "Battery HD" from the Amazon Apps for Android store.  There are two versions of the app, the standard for free and the Pro version for $2.  This app will show you the exact charge state of your battery while it is charging. The charger sold here is only the plug-in wall charger, sans cable.  The USB cable supplied with your Kindle Fire when you purchased it is inserted into it.  In fact, any USB 2.0 cable with a micro-B connector can be used.  As stated, the charger does not come with an LED indicator.  It has a square form factor with the plug prongs not centered, so when plugging it into an outlet, it may block the adjacent outlet in a two-outlet receptacle.  In this situation, plug it in upside down to accommodate the adjacent plug. It's pretty obvious that Amazon is seeking added revenue by requiring user's to purchase the  "fast" charger separately.  The best time to purchase the charger is during an Amazon promotion.  I was able to secure one for 50% off the regular price, but that was a one-day promotion and who knows when that price will be revisited. If you're ambitious, seek out a third-party charger that meets the specs for this charger (5v, 9W, 1.8A minimum, terminating in a micro-B USB connector).  Otherwise, do what most people do and purchase the "fast" charger and be done with it.  The increase in charging time is well worth the price of the charger.
