SPOILERS! i liked it better when it was called -
X-MEN. I was overjoyed when I received this book as a gift, and very excited to begin. The pictures were crazy-creepy, the beginning original and engaging. I fully expected to be taken on a dark and unusual ride when our hero sails to the murky island of his late grandfather's mysterious childhood - and when he reaches the collapsing ruins of the house itself with the overgrown shrubbery and trunk full of lost photographs of the bizarre, creepy children and organs in jars - I thought, wow this is gonna be good... and then, exactly halfway through the book I was pushed headfirst into a story that I've seen in the theaters, an all-too-familiar done-to-death major picture. But instead of a bald gentleman in a wheelchair running a secret school where mutant children can be shielded from the world from people that are afraid of their kind and where their superpowers can be controlled, we have a birdlike older woman running a secret school where mutant children can be shielded form the world from people that are afraid of their kind and where their superpowers can be controlled - well, you get the point. I understand that not every work can be fully original in this day in age. Authors and wannabe authors, screenwriters and song writers have pretty much tackled every subject imaginable... I do not believe that something can really be completely original. My main problem with Mr. Riggs is he did not every try to aim a little higher than what has already been done about a million times. Rather than really explore the potential that his "peculiar children' can have, he very lazily took a page from someone else's book (literally) and ran with it. These children are not peculiar at all... we have already seen these children in other movies and in other books, we have already seen the girl who can fly and the invisible boy. The female interest, a young lady - who attends the school, has the spine-chilling, unusual, shocking power of.... fire? Fire. As in, firepower from her hands. How in any way does this run parallel with the overall creepy feel of the book? How is SHE qualified, with such a deadly, controlled gift of fire shooting from her hands, to be shielded from the world at this school? She isn't - but Riggs obviously does not think the female interest would be worth the hero's time if she had a damning mutant trait - one that was disturbing to look at or frightening to accept. Obviously Riggs felt a butt-kicking girl with firepower is hot enough for our dear hero. Riggs shatters everything he built up by lazily taking on what has been done before and trying to pass it on as his own. And too bad - it worked - this book is a huge best seller, and once again, a new writer has ridden the coattails to victory on a book that isn't really theirs.
