Somewhere between HP and Epson
I wound up with three 4-in-1 machines: an HP OfficeJet Pro, an Epson Small-in-One, and this Canon. The PIXMA ranks between the other two. It has a larger footprint than the Epson but smaller than the HP. If your space is limited, go with the Epson. On the other hand, there is a distinct advantage to the Canon, because the other two do not continue to print if even a single ink tank is empty, while the Canon will. If you are printing in b&w and have run out of cyan, you can continue without interruption, which is wonderful. Epson and HP will leave you hanging while you race to get new ink tanks. If you have a home office, therefore, I do recommend the Canon. I feel that the Epson has better color quality (but more ink tanks to account for this) but the Canon is good enough for non-photographer types like me. The ways in which you can send things to the printer are just about endless... from a USB drive, from your computer, wirelessly from a zillion other gadgets, cameras and machines, from the Cloud. This is an extremely versatile unit. I don't really understand why they have a button keypad, which seems strangely archaic, but the buttons can be programmed to serve multiple functions. The paper trays are a little misleading; there are two trays, but one is for photo paper. If you need to switch from letter to legal to envelopes, you'll have to open, empty, refill and reinsert the tray. It also doesn't print 11x17 paper. However, for normal home use (not home business) it seems quite adequate. They emphasize the wireless abilities, but if you want to use a USB connection, that's fine. They don't include a USB wire, which annoyed me. The online manuals were extremely irritating because the print is tinier than tiny. I had to save the documents to my desktop so I could magnify the print. The website has a lot of information, but some of it is incomplete or you have to search all over to find just what you're looking for. I was concerned when everything in the box stated that it's intended for Windows OS 8 or higher (or Mac), since I have Windows 7. Turned out that it does work with OS 7, though it notes that no utilities or firmware is available for that and I might want to upgrade in order to take advantage of all the programs. I'm not planning to upgrade at this time, but I also don't use a lot of the bells and whistles so this isn't a big deal for me. As with HP and Epson, the ink tanks are disgustingly expensive. If you want to print in color, budget for this carefully. I think the price for the PIXMA is reasonable. Personally, my favorite thing about this is the fact that it won't stop dead in the middle of a print job if one ink tank goes dry. Otherwise, I prefer the HP for b&w printing (though it is very large and awkward) and the Epson for photo printing (though it has 6 tiny ink tanks). The Canon is a good choice for someone who is not a professional photographer and is not running a home business. It's best suited for the ordinary home office and school/household use. Set-up was okay, though the manuals are online and in tiny print, as noted above.
