Update: It stopped working last year and I gave up on it. It's a great idea but needs better design and reliability. Pros: It works as advertisedI remember from reading reviews before I purchased this that a number of people had issues with whether the lid consistently raised correctly.  To this I can say Yes!  There may have been a time or two over the last 3 months where it got stuck open or shut, but flipping the on off switch did the trick. No need for a step pedal with the motion detection. (My kids broke one of those by breaking the foot pedal.  This one has held up to them.)Batteries have lasted fine so far -- 3 months. Cons:Too small opening for inserting trash.  Between the controls and the battery storage, I would guess that you get less than 2/3  of the top available to insert trash.  One of the reasons I like a self-opening trash is I will often have empty meat trays (the value pack chicken or whatever) and I want to stuff it in the trash w/o my hands or the tray touching anything.  With this trash can, it's not always that easy or do-able. Too much effort to clean:  I think partly b/c the opening is so small the hinge area tends to get dirty easily and you can't really clean it out w/o a toothpick.  Stuff also gets stuck in the big iTouchless logo on top of the trash can. Two-related issues: There is a plastic somewhat rectangular shaped piece that I presumed was supposed to hold the trash bag/liner up by pressing it against the inside of the can.  However, if the trash is heavy or someone pushes trash down at all, this piece slides way down into the trash can.  I don't think they meant this to happen since the trash can tapers as it goes down.  Soo.. The only way I can get this to somewhat work, is to put the top of the trash bag/liner around the outside top of the trash can's base instead of around this piece.  This unfortunately causes the liner to be seen sticking out between the lid and the base and it looks crummy. Bottom line: I would buy it again but just b/c I am unaware of anything out there that fixes these flaws and does a good job opening and closing.
