One of the reasons I purchased this is that the HOOVER WINDTUNNEL vacuum that I bought a year or so ago is totally frustrating when it comes to using the tools... the wand extensions will not under any circumstances stay together, and it is a hassle to constantly be pushing the pieces back together as they fall apart. Imagine my total disgust and disappointment at having spent all this money on this Electrolux Sanitaire Commercial Canister Vac so I could have something where I could do the edges and under the beds and furniture, into small corners, etc, and when I started using it, it ALSO FELL APART REPEATEDLY.  The first thing I tried was on the carpet. Tried the carpet head with the brushes, it immediately fell off. Tried again allowing the air into the wand, (there is a special valve, reduces the suction) and the same thing happened. Tried the FLAT (for solid surfaces) head and it worked a bit better, did not fall off. But did not clean much, either. As soon as I put the FLAT head onto the tile and wood floors, then the head fell off again. (Even with the suction valve wide open to minimize the suction). Not only that, but the WAND keeps falling off, so you absolutely MUST vacuum while holding the extension wand, not the curved upper part that it attaches to. Which means being about 30" from the floor. Hunched over. I cranked those pieces onto each other as hard as I could, and repeatedly the whole thing just falls apart. I tried calling the company (since it is now USED and could not be returned) and they just blew me off. The wand with the kit is different from the wand shown in their diagram, so I suspect they recently changed suppliers (it is upside down in design from the one on the instruction manual.) STAY AWAY FROM THIS... IT HAS TONS OF SUCTION, BUT THE HASSLE MAKES IT USELESS. I cannot vacuum under the bed with this because the head comes right off in the midst of cleaning, usually after 4 or 5 strokes back and forth. I don't want to have to try to fish that out from under the middle of the bed! HORRIBLE PRODUCT!! Horrible customer service!! UPDATE - After writing this, I decided to call the Electrolux Customer Service line again. The first time I called (right after getting the thing and having all the issues) the person told me that I simply was not pushing the pieces together strongly enough.  This time the person I talked to is going to send me a new extension wand. He mentioned that they have similar wands for different equipment, and perhaps the one I received was not the correct one. At least they are trying to be helpful this time. I keep telling them that the wand in the instruction booklet installs UPSIDE DOWN from the way mine has to be installed (based on what will fit where!). Will re-write the review if the new wand WORKS BETTER. UPDATE: Nope, same thing. You get about 4 minutes before it falls apart. I contacted the SELLER, (Arlington Vacuums) who was WONDERFUL, and allowed me to return the vacuum and gave me the credit for that towards a different product. I then purchased from them an upgraded canister (Panasonic MC CG901)which works great. I wanted this to supplement my upright, as I have half carpets and half wood or tile floors. This is for the wood/tile and under the bed stuff. King sized bed, 2 cats and a dog that love to hide under there... need a way to clean it out. This works.
