Very Underwhelming
While there are many good or average reviews for this product, I'm coming from a different perspective. My Playstation3 has recently died and rather than get a new PS3 I've decided to wait for the PS4 and, in the meantime, get a Blu Ray disk player to fill in for the next several months. Right out of the box this unit felt flimsy. I hooked this unit up to my Onkyo HDMI pass thru receiver and to power. The first struggle was to get it to work with my receiver. After fiddling with it for a half hour I gave up and sent the HDMI output from the player straight into my TV (and used an optical cable to send the audio to my receiver). Not a great start but I can endure it for the next couple of months. I directly connect a network cable to the player. With the optical cable output I am only able to get Stereo audio - no Dolby. The next challenge was getting Netflix to work. After some difficulty the software updated and I finally had Netflix and the OS updated. But Netflix wasn't working. There was some inability the player to connect to Netflix. After about an hour of adjusting Network setting on the player and reading lots of other owner's issues on the Internet I found network settings that work. My network is nothing unusual, every other device I have connected 'just worked'. Now that several hours have passed in setting up (if I wasn't a techie I probably would have returned this player). One of the first things I noticed is how slow everything is. Netflix takes a minute or more to load and, near the beginning of every show, there is loading lag which I never experienced with my Playstation (my Android cell phone loads faster). Loading discs seems to take longer and even opening and closing the drawer seems to incur some lag. The internet browser is almost worse than no browser at all. Everything moves annoyingly slowly. I have really come to just hate this thing. Once the new Playstation is out I'm taking this POS out back and smashing it to pieces. To recap:- Poor Setup guidance- Does not work on HDMI pass thru - No Dolby- Poor Network set up- Horribly slow at everything
