The 100th review, special!
The Samsung Chromebook is the most ideal hardware you can take on the go at 2.4lbs, while only being .7" thick. While being limited to the browser and a few other apps, the chromebook is also technically limited to what the internet has to offer! Which is a shitload, fellas. It's as if you entered a beautiful life-supporting planet. Actually to more accurately put it, you can do most things an average user would need to use on the Chrome OS. However, the Chromebook should not be treated as a desktop replacement. A PC will always be much more better for high intensity tasks such as video editing and gaming. While the 3g edition is not available, tethering is still very possible on phones! FoxFi (tethering) worked flawlessly with the Chromebook. In preparation of going to the Google Cloud, I've been using the Google Play Music Manager and Chrome already. The Google Play music player is quite impressive; you can easily edit song info, album photos, etc very easily. You're playing music that you've uploaded to the cloud with it too, and you're always welcome to download all your music from it from any PC. I'm pretty certain you can still listen to music off-line if you've downloaded it. One of the things that impressed me was the sound quality. The sound really exceeded my expectations... it not being complete junk! The build quality also is very good and looks flawless. It has a fan-less design as well, so there's pretty much no noise being produced. The track pad is highly acclaimed by other reviewers, but I found myself struggling to use it. However I was already not a fan of track pads since I learned that you could not play Counter-Strike 1.6 on it years ago. Heh. There's also the SD expansion slot too fellas, but I've seen in a review that it doesn't fit flush into the laptop, but most laptops are like that. The keyboard is a pretty good size itself, but I was mistyping a few things but that's simply because I'm too used to a keyboard. The charger is very small, but what worries me is that the charging pin may break from being too thin. The performance feels very similar to my quad-core desktop, that is loaded with an SSD as well. This series does have bluetooth support, and it was not mentioned much in many reviews. My BackBeat 903 bluetooth headset didn't seem to pair properly so I'm not too sure if bluetooth audio sets will work on the Chromebook, but BT Mice are definitely supported. USB storage devices work pretty well too, but I have yet to test playing videos or movies off of them. There are specific file formats that the Chromebook can play, so make sure you have files converted. The only thing that I found to dislike was the matte screen. I'm simply used to glossy screens and find matte doesn't look very sophisticated on electronical devices. Taking a look at glossy and matte photos may change your view on it. Well actually, to add to the disliking, Google really needs to step up because they've been slacking their asses off with Netflix support for the past few weeks but I do believe it was functional at one point on other chrome books. Ultimately, Google and Samsung deserve some high fives, and most general users should enjoy this notebook. Maybe you can brag about how fast your chromebook turns on to that chick you've been dying to talk to. See, the possibilities are limitless!
