Horrible picture and video quality. But lots of features. Sort of.
Don't buy this one. The quality is horrible. Wish I could rate it NO stars. I wanted a camera that runs on AA batteries and has an optical (or electronic) viewfinder. So when on vacation in bright sunny places and my batteries die, I can run into any store, buy standard AA's, pop them in, and use the viewfinder to take priceless memories of loved ones I can't see in the glare of the ubiquitous LCD displays. There only seem to be 5 cameras left in the entire point-and-shoot marketplace that have both features. And only 2 of them under $200. The Fuji FinePix S2940 had a lot of promise. But for three little things.1) Picture quality is POOR. My old 2megapixel Fuji takes better looking pictures.2) Video Quality is worse. It may be full 1280 HD. But the quality is horrible. Gritty and grainy. With no image options available at all. My Canon PowerShot takes great videos with numerous options, including macro. And this Fuji sound quality is far worse than the image quality. It too is gritty. There is a constant white noise present which drowns out any dialog unless the subject is shouting. And it frequently crackles like high-pitched thunderstorm.3) The Battery Door is prone to breakage. It is the same lousy design as my 8-year old 2mp Fuji Finepix. And that one broke after only a few months' use. The worse part is, it's not actually the door that will break. It's the flimsy little retention tabs on the camera body itself that break. The door could be replaced (according to Fuji customer service). But when this bugger breaks, you'd have to replace the camera body. Terrible design. I guess they feel built-in obsolescence is a good thing. Makes you buy more frequent replacements. Well, this POS is going back to the store tomorrow. And I'll buy a Canon or Nikon instead. Even if I can't see what I'm doing on bright sunny vacation days. Hopefully camera manufacturers will wake up and start offering more cameras with back-up viewfinders for when you're not vacationing in a dark cave or rainforest.
