Nice little camera.
My wife is an advanced amateur photographer. As often as not when we are in the car, she sees something and says, "Oh darn, I don't have my camera with me!" After hearing this time & time again, I got her the Fujifilm SL300 specifically to keep in the car. Our Canon XSi is 12MP, and with the L series lenses she uses, the quality is very nice. I hoped this camera would be suitable for occasional shots that would go missed without a camera. I chose the Fuji camera for the 30X optical zoom and 14MP density. Most shots she sees are nature, birds and wildlife when out and about. I also figured that the viewfinder, in addition to the onscreen viewing, would allow her to use the camera as she does the SLR. She's had it a couple weeks now and is quite happy with the results. A few of the shots have been posted on our webpage, [...] and compare favorably with other shots. The zoom is very good and delivers crisp results. She's learning the ins & outs and has many features yet to try. The camera is easy to understand, and follows many of the standards found on the Canon SLR. The SD cards are the same as our Canon, so no problem there. CONS:The viewfinder is a bit cumbersome to use. Instead of showing the image through the lens, it is a projected view. There is a small wheel that allows you to focus the viewfinder, but it is easier to look at the screen than adjust the viewfinder. The camera will not turn on if the lens cover is still in place; a message is displayed on the screen. You have to shut the power back off, take off the lens cover and restart the camera. That deer or turkey beside the road will be gone before she can get that done if she is in a hurry and forgets. The battery life is rather short, but that can be from spending time exploring the features. The battery is a rechargeable pack specific to this camera. You can't pop in some extra AA batteries. We'll need to charge the battery in the house, or get a car charger for our purpose. So, overall it is a nice little camera that fits our need. Reasonable quality, lightweight, long range and at a good price.
