GREAT MOVIE 3D and 2D
This is a great movie on all accounts, 3D and 2D! When I first got my 3D Panasonic TV (2011 55GT31) a version (3D promotional disc only) of this movie came with the TV.  I played the 2D version in my old theater setup (2008 LG Plasma and Sony Bluray player) next to the new 3D setup (55GT31 and Pana Bluray player).  3D brings a whole new appearance to the movie- The flight scenes are realistic, the crowds of people look like a crowd of people.  Incredible movie to tryout your new 3Dtv (same with Despicable me, Lorax, IMAX under the sea movie, and many other newer movies.) Keep in mind that the Avatar promo disc (sold with TV's) was selling for $60 to $120 each on ebay and craigslist. So apparently someone was out loving and buying 3D movies then, and many more are now. If you have had a bad experience with 3D at home, chances are that the TV was not setup for an optimal 3D experience, or it was a low end model with low end glasses (flicker and ghosting); And that also includes the setups at Best Buy- They crank up the TV with Vivid modes and has too much ambient lighting, that ruins the experience in my opinion.  You have to watch 3D movies more than once to gain an appreciation for 3D. I compare it to the difference of SD DVD's and HD Blurays.  Try a different manufacturers tv and glasses.  True, TV broadcast versions on Directv is not the greatest yet, but is still fun to see what is filmed in 3D.  I do not plan to watch Dora on TV, in 3D anytime soon.  We do watch at least one 3d movie per week (many good ones release all the time) in our house hold. The cost for 3D has dropped dramatically to make it work for all of us. You just have to buy smart to get it, as with anything in life.  I don't buy the  $36 version from Target.  Typically, I will buy my 3D discs from Amazon, under their preorder deal, and sometimes with Best Buy, which works great to get it at a great low price on the day of release.  I can usually get the 3D disc from $20 to $30 from this deal (usually $24). It comes with many multiple versions of the movie (3d, 2D-bluray, digital, UV, maybe DVD too).  Keep in mind that the "just released" 2D version is typically $23 - $30. If you wait till after the Preoder special, then it does go up to $33 or so, for the good movies.  GREAT DEAL from Amazon. Great 3D movie to go with your new 3DTV movie collection.  GET IT !!!
