Impressed me greatly
First off, let me just start out by saying that I have never really been into the whole punk/emo alternative style of music. But I do listen to all forms of music and feel that music is a human beings only true escape from the melancholoy world that we live in. With that being said, you might ask yourself, "If we live in such a melancholoy world, why would I want to listen to an album that also portrays said melancholoy?" Simple, it is an escape. I first saw this band a couple of weeks ago on MTV 2. I was thinking I was watching a video for The Used since I thought for certain that it was the lead singer since to me, they both sound alike. It was to my surprise that it was MCR. The video was for Helena. I was kinda of surprised because it was really catchy. Then later that evening as I was getting ready for work, I saw it again. It was then that the song stuck in my head and it almost brought tears to my eyes. I KNEW that this was a must have for me. It sealed the deal when I heard the song during the ending credits for House of Wax and I knew I was going to pick it up on payday. Payday arrived and I headed to Best Buy and picked it up. I must have listened to the entire cd at least 4 times throughout work that night. From start to finish, the album just wowed me. Not since Evanescence have I been completely floored and just filled with sorrow, happiness and pain all in one. Like I said before, I have a hard time with listening to goth-type music. If you can really call it that. I do have an affectionatte place in my heart for females with vocal power and the looks when they are dressed in black. I think that is why I started to like this band. Now I know what you're thinking. The guy isn't female and it sounds like I'm in love with the guy. I'm not. I was just greatly impressed with the verocity of this album. Alas, the only reason I gave this a 4 out of 5 is because it sounds almost the same as every other emo/punk alternative band out there. I think the lead singer has range and shows it in songs like Helena and I'm Not Okay but he sounds exactly like the guy from The Used. It still sounds good, but it sounds like stuff I have heard before. This album has changed my opinion slightly and I will be picking up there prior album in a few weeks. I can tell you that this song will go with the small stack that never leave my car. This has just been bumped up to "Car" status instead of "House" status. I do recommend this album to others and even those that might seem taken aback by the look and sound. Give it a try. You never know, it might surprise you like it did me.
