The best balance between performance and features for the m4/3 system
For many years, my primary camera system has been the Nikon D90 and I own quite a few outstanding lenses to fully take advantage of the sensor in that camera. 4-5 years ago, I experimented the m4/3 system b/c I want a small and light camera system that can be used for traveling with two toddlers.  I started with the Panasonic GH1 and since then I have collected quite a few lenses for this system (14-140, 20/1.7, 14/2.5, and 45/2.8). While I love the video from GH1 and its overall IQ for stills, but its sensor is really outdated.  In particular in the areas of  the high ISO, dynamic range, and color balance, GH1 is significantly worse than those of the D90, not to mention to newer APSC cameras using the SONY señor. The new sensor in OMD and GH3 seem to change all of that.  However,  I do not think I would get the GH3 because it is too expensive for my needs and it is now a much bigger camera. The OMD is also not cheap and about the same size as the GH1. So finally I bought the EPL5, which uses the same sensor as the OMD, but is smaller and cheaper. With a 20/1.7 or 14/2.5, it fits in a jacket pocket with ease. In short, I love this little camera and may soon sell my GH1. Its IQ is substantially better than GH1 AND D90 in terms of high ISO and most importantly of dynamic range. While this camera does not have any command wheels with which to easily change settings, I do not find this to be a big enough issue. When I used the 14-140, I just leave it in P (and see no point to mess with S and A). The video outputs are at least as good as the one in GH1, so for family videos, it is more than capable. The camera is well made and handles well, considering its very compact size. The JPEG images are sharp with very nice color, warmer (slightly more pleasant) than those from the GH1. In terms of JPEGs, they are much better than those from the D90. The IBIS and AF work as advertised and I particularly like the face-detection feature which works wonder to track fast moving kids, even at dim light. Although I use only Panasonic lenses with this camera, I do not see any obvious CA and distortion in the JPEGs, although you may be more critical than me in this area. All in all, I love it and wish Olympus can come up with a fast normal zoom, like the Panasonic 12-35/2.8. I also wish they can find a way to add a built in flash. The camera comes with a nice add-on flash but I tend to leave it home.  Finally, I find the shutter release way too sensitive/light.  It is difficult to half-pressed and hold, and not trigger it all the way.
