A Device That Impresses Techies and "Oldies"
I bought the original Samsung Chromebook last fall. The experience was OK, but did have flaws. Late spring, Google changed the game and updated Chrome OS to be a welcome competitor in the OS world. I have since upgraded to this new Samsung. Major differences are a slightly trendier appearance and much better audio. Flash video plays back flawlessly. In the last three months I have converted our small business all to Chromebooks and Chromeboxs. We even use RDP for our Quickbooks and love the experience even more using a web RDP connector. There is almost nothing we can't do that a normal computer does. My co-workers embraced the challenges the first day or two in no longer being on Windows, but we have since overcome all of them (we were already a strong Google Apps company). One note I would like to add (and is confirmed in other reviews here) is the two lovers of this machine. Techies love it for the simplicity it is. I find it better to pickup for web use then my tablets (We have Ipad, Nexus 7, and 2 Kindle Fires in my family). I no longer need anything stronger then this. It is my number one device with my tablet becoming the secondary one. The surprising plus of this unit is how easy it is for less technical people (like my parents). This is actually the PERFECT computer (or a chromebox if you prefer a desktop feel) for anyone embarrassed to keep asking a family member or friend for help with your virus loaded or problematic computer. You will honestly not have an issue with this and take control of your own technology. PROS-ITS EASY!!!-Will last longer on battery then traditional laptop (but wish it lasted as long as the first gen Samsung)-Everything you do is either on the web or will be there in the next year anyway. This simplifies all the web things you do into a much easier format then any browser can do alone on a Mac or Windows PC. CONS-Good internet needed (yes there is offline support, but still).-You will either need new compatible printer or plan on using an old computer as the "bridge" between your chromebook and your printer (will need to just stay on in the corner of the room). In Summary:This is a technical game changer. If you bought one or holding off getting one because of something it can't do, RESEARCH IT ONLINE. There is a pretty comparable work around for anything you think you cant do.
