Not great for kid/family pictures
We have a Nikon digital SLR that I use and wanted a simpler point and shoot camera for taking pictures of family and kids.  The Coolpix L120 had some great specs and reviews, so we decided to try it.  We've also have an older Canon Powershot A720is point and shoot camera that we've really liked, but it was starting to not capture all of the shots in focus (seems to be a common problem with digital point and shoots as they get older). We really wanted to like the camera - it's comfortable to hold and seems to have all the features we needed.  However, our immediate impression was that so many of our shots of the kids were blurred by their motion.  It seems to work very well for still images, and as I look back over the previously posted pictures, most of the shots are still ones.  If there is any movement (and with kids from 18 months to 7 years, there always is), there is going to be some blur.  You don't have any sort of manual control over the shutter speed with this camera, so we were unable to correct for it through any of the modes.  There is a sports mode that will shoot many shots consecutively, but the resolution is cut down significantly to about 3Megapixels. I looked back over the reviews and found someone else who had a similar experience with the camera.  They had recommended a different Nikon point and shoot the Coolpix S8100 that seems to have worked well.  We returned this one and purchased a Nikon Coolpix P300.  It gives you a little more control as compared to the Coolpix s8100 with a metal case and a very fast lens (f/1.8).  The fast lens means that it can choose a faster shutter speed to capture kids before they move.  It also has a sports continuous mode that will shoot full resolution shots at a very high speed. The pictures with the P300 are night and day as compared to the L120.  No more motion blur, and it is very responsive (not as fast as a digital SLR, but still good).  The zoom range is much more limited than the L120, but most of our shots are of reasonable distances from the kids at home, outside, or at a party.  For this, the camera is excellent.  We didn't really buy the P300 for the video, but it works well and looks good. In hindsight, we should have paid more attention to the speed of the lens.  The Canon point and shoot we have is a f/2.8 lens (which is very good/fast) and the P300 has a f/1.8 lens (which is even better for low light/action photography).  I think the L120 with a f/3.1 lens should work well, but it seems that the metering consistently selects a longer shutter time (even with the flash) and we just haven't been able to get good pictures unless the subject is completely still.
