Best flash yet... Definitely worth the extra money over the SB600
This is the second full size Nikon flash I've bought.  I needed a second flash to use with my SB-600 for off camera lighting.  This flash is better in every way than the SB-600.  The useability of this flash is amazing compared to the SB-600.  The new power switch makes it really easy to switch between ttl/manual flash and between on-camera/wireless/commander modes.  No longer is there any need to pull up secret menus to get to the wireless flash functions.  The addition of the SU-4 slave flash mode makes this a worthy upgrade from the SB-600 alone.  Performance wise, I feel that this flash gives me better exposures than my SB-600.  I felt the SB-600 tended to overexpose by a 1/3 stop while this tends to underexpose by a 1/3 stop but with less hot spots.  Both easy enough to adjust on with the flash exposure.  Speaking of flash exposure though, the one gripe I have with the SB-700 is the flash exposure adjustment is more complicated than the SB-600.  The big button on the back of the SB-600 was idiot proof.  The two button system on the SB-700 just takes a little more time for minor adjustments.  One other thing to be aware of is that the SB-700 defaults to TTL-BL for all photos unless center-weighted exposure is selected on the camera.  Although I initially found this annoying, I found it was implemented much better than the TTL-BL used on the SB-600 which tended to give me improper exposures. Although the SB-700 currently runs ~$100 more than the SB-600, the additional accessories included with the flash make up for the difference.  The included "stofen-style" filter and two color gels make for a great kit without having to buy additional 3rd party supplies.  Also, I love having the built-in flash card. I know I could use a 3x5 card to do the same thing, but having it always there means I'm more likely to be able to use it when necessary. If you are looking at the SB-600 and SB-700, definitely swallow the extra cash and pay for the SB-700.  You will not be disappointed.  Adding an external bounce flash was one of the best changes I made to my pictures allowing me to really get the colors I wanted. ps - I learned today the flash is pretty resilient too! Fell over on a 6' light stand onto concrete with only a few minor scratches.  Everything else works great.
