A Repetitive, boring, expensive  waste of time!
While I would love to give this game a good review, I just can't. The graphics, voices, art-style, and shout-outs to kids/fans may be spot on, but there are too many other factors that ruin the experience. Gameplay~Overall, gameplay is simple. Overly so, even for children. You basically buy ponies for the sole purpose of putting them to work so they can produce bits/element shards for you to use in buying more ponies/buildings, and only play with them to level them up so they can produce more bits. Buy a pony, put pony to work, collect money/resources, repeat. What am I doing, running a pony powered sweatshop? The Bit system, as well as gems and hearts are all REALLY messed up. For example, every time you buy a sector of land, the price of the next one you need to buy goes up in leaps and bounds, the 1st cost 1000, the 2nd 5000, and by the 3rd it cost 10000, and that's not including the amount everything else costs! Getting rid of rocks, setting up shops, playing with ponies, buying more ponies and pointless decorations... Even with your shops going full throttle, they only put out a fraction of that, and you'll spend bits A LOT faster than make them. Outside of performing the quests and watching the story unfold with some fun text and lovely voice acting, this game is mainly comprised of saving up for your next upgrade/pony/building, quest completion, a nearly pointless level up system, and playing silly little mini games with the ponies. All and all, just a pretty candy-colored time waster. There is very little strategy outside of finding the shortest way to the next element. Beyond that there is the issue where ponies that you NEED in order to complete the game (such as Rarity and Rainbow Dash) cost REAL money! This is flat out BAD and LAZY game design. Even the worst game designers should know that charging for in game necessities is a no-no. The very idea that they made these essential characters cost money suggests that even THEY know this game is badly put together, and that they feel the only way they will make any money off it is by forcing a purchase on the player in order to continue. Most free-to-play games only offer extras and incentives at an additional cost, but MLP has sunk to a new level of greed. If you are unwilling to spend, you can waste time leveling up to collect enough gems, but it will take awhile, and the game practically comes to a stand still until you do. Just don't be surprised when everything else soon costs real money too! Even at a glance you can tell that this app is banking on fans, the impatient, overly generous parents, and careless children hitting the wrong button in order for them to make a quick buck. Another issue I have is the connecting element. Facebook? Twitter? Even connecting to other Gameloft players... for a game from a company (Hasbro) who's target age group is ages 3-8? WHY? If parents even let a child that young have an account for these websites... (I know I wouldn't!) but why on earth is this a MUST to advance in the game? I know the theme of MLP is friendship, but for children that young I think that connecting to sites like Facebook should be a choice the parents make, an OPTIONAL thing, NOT a game/quest requirement that takes gems ($) to skip! While this may be ok for older players, and even desired by some, I speak with the kids and anyone who does not want to/can not connect in mind. Nobody should have only the choice to connect, or be forced to PAY in order to remain anonymous. Storyline~I personally was hoping to see some creative awesome, maybe a new adventure to play outside of the main story, yet I stand disappointed that this was just a rehash of the show, and not even a good one at that. For one, Gameloft made ZERO effort in keeping the story straight. There is no continuity. The base story is generally from the first and second episode, stopping Nightmare Moon's plot to bring everlasting night. Yet Twilight talks as if she's already been friends with everyone for ages. Still, you find Elements of Harmony, and gather your friends to save Ponyville. Why then is it when you unlock the train (at lvl 15), that it takes you to Canterlot and begins the plot for the Finale of Season 2!? At that point I only had ONE element back, out of SIX! Even in Canterlot, you still need to buy sectors of land back from NMM's control, and you can start planning the Canterlot Wedding BEFORE defeating her! What's next? Discord crashing the Wedding? Fans of the show will find themselves frustrated at this bizarre mash-up, and anyone else will just end up oblivious or confused. Overall~At first, the game is pleasing, fun, and full of vocals. Sadly it goes downhill from there. The games, actions, even the quests quickly become repetitive, boring, and increasingly expensive. If you have a lot of time to waste, have infinite patience, or don't mind spending lots of real money, or are content with just playing anything MLP, than you may like this. If not, don't waste your time.
