Excellent digital monitor for the money
I decided on another video baby monitor as I am expecting a third child. I used to own a summer infant video monitor that I bought from babies r us but it broke down after my 3 year old decided to throw the monitor into the sink. I was not prepared to pay another 200 dollars so I shopped online for alternatives. I got this on amazon (because of the price) and this product is great. I was prepared to return it if it was crap, (which cheap products are usually online...)Pros: The VOX setting activates only when it registers loud noises (like cries) and it doesn't inadvertently turn on due to loud traffic noises (unlike my old baby monitor). price, the price is unbelievable for a monitor with video, and static-freevideo and audio quality - I can not complain. It is far better than my old monitor. interference - it works fine with our wifi and 2.4ghz cell phonepresentation - comes in nice gift box and cute designrange - I can leave the camera in the nursery and be in the kitchen (around 300 feet away) and I still get receptionno background noise - the monitor cuts the background noise when there is no sound and becomes totally quiet. My old unit always had this constant clicking sound even when it was dead quiet. Cons: the material falls below what I wanted, but for the price it makes up for everything. It's uses a light weight plastic material which is good and bad because it is nearly weightless when you strap this on your waist when you are moving around in the house. features - I wished for a pan and tilt camera but this doesn't have it. Verdict; if you are looking for something that works well and doesn't give you any problems, this is it. if you are looking for a high-tech baby monitor, this isn't what you are looking for. This is like a Honda - always works, does what it is designed to do very well, great specs and features, good price but lacks the solid feel, and the extra niff-naff 'nice to have' features that a mercedes-benz has.4 star for the product itself compared to other video monitors in the market5 star for what you get for the money.
