I have had a Cuisinart DCC-1200 for the past 4 years and paid about $80.00 for it.  I was very satisfied with its performance up until a couple of years ago when the On/Off toggle switch began malfunctioning.  After brewing was finished it would automatically turn off 5 to 10 minutes later, but should have stayed on for a couple of hours. I continued toggling and was sometimes able to turn it back on to keep the pot of coffee hot, but this seldom worked.  So my second cup would always go into the microwave for reheating.  For some time I have been researching other coffeemakers online and reading the user reviews.  I found that most consumer websites and user reviews still convinced me that the Cuisinart DCC-1200 was the best 8 to 12 cup coffeemaker available.  However, I recently received my Dec. '11 issue of Consumer Reports, which showed the Mr. Coffee BVMC-SJX33GT as the "CR Best Buy" at only $40.00. I searched the web for user reviews and like what I read. I was pleasantly surprised to immediately find it at Walmart at a Rolled-Back price of only $28.00.  Needless to say, I purchased it and am so VERY satisfied with the Mr. Coffee BVMC-SJX33GT that I felt I had to share my opinion with other coffee-lovers.  My ONLY complaint is that, as other users have stated in their reviews, the glass carafe does not pour very well, but if you pour you coffee slowly you will not have coffee spills on the counter top.  I would rate it at 5-stars if the carafe poured as well as my old Cuisinart's did.  Other than that, in my personal opinion, the Mr. Coffee BVMC-SJX33GT looks more attractive than the Cuisinart DCC-1200, is not as tall and the clock is larger and easier to see.  I certainly liked the price, too.  Take my advise... forget the paper filters and buy a gold tone permanent re-usable filter basket for about $7.00 from Walmart, too.  It does not necessarily have to be the Mr. Coffee brand.  Just dump out the used grinds after brewing, rinse it off in the sink and put it back into the coffeemaker for the next brew.
