I have a house that is all laminated floors except a small area rug in the living room under the coffee table. I also have light floors with a dark haired cat. In one day if I do not swiffer the floors twice, it looks like I have not cleaned the floors for a week. Plus, having a 15 month running around, things end up on the floor all the time. My mother saw this for about twenty at Target. I asked her to pick it up for me, I figured for the price it could not be great but saw the reviews and figured it was better than a lot of other hand held vacuums that cost more than this one. If I wanted to clean the rug I was using a high power dust buster and also using it in the kitchen. I thought that was doing the job, I was wrong. Assembling this takes minutes. It is very light weight that you might think it feels almost cheap, but don't let that fool you. I like that the underneath it does not have a rotating brush at the intake. Having a cat and long hair, they usually get full. Once I plugged it in I saw it picking up a lot more than the dust buster and swiffer. I was impressed. It was able to loosen hair that was stuck in places the stationary swiffer could not get and I was able to get more picked up the floor. The real test was the area rug I thought was relatively clean. I went over it and after turned off the power. I then went to check the dust filter inside to empty it. I really did not expect much to be in there. When I pulled out the filter cup I was shocked at how much was in the cup! I thought the floors were clean, they were not. Since then I use this once a day and no longer am going through disposable swiffer pads. I have had it for a few weeks now and am very impressed with it. I also love how it is not as loud as my dust buster. For something that feels cheap and does not make a lot of noise, it had me fooled! Of course don't expect it to do a high traffic job but for the daily stuff like pet hair, cereal, cat foot, etc. it picks it all up. I am very impressed with this and am happy to own it.
