Dropcam saves the day
I would happily endorse the Dropcam HD as a home security option for anyone with an unlimited broadband connection. I had some strange happenings in my back yard. Stuff getting knocked over, holes in my screen room, and BBs found regularly in the yard. We dealt with it for a few months. We just figured some kids were having some fun nearby and our house was caught in the cross fire. But once we put our birds out back to enjoy the summer air the damage to my property increased. My dog also got "stung" by something which left a large welt on his ass. Along with having a baby on the way this was my cue to look into a security solution and or baby monitor. Most systems were just too much hassle for what I needed. I heard about the Dropcam and it looked like a good fit. It's small, inexpensive, high quality, could be used a baby monitor. When I received the Dropcam and I was able to get it up and running in a few seconds. The only problems I encountered was that my WiFi signal on the far end of my house was too weak for the cam to produce a reliable stream. Fortunately, I was able to relocate my wireless router to my more central location in the house which is better for everyone. I then placed the camera in my laundry room window facing out my back porch. The wide angle lens does a great job of capturing the door to my screen room as well as the side yard and gate. Later that night I encountered the second problem which was that night vision doesn't work well at all through glass windows. But that isn't fault of the camera at all. It's just how inferred works. The Dropcam comes with a 14 day trial of the DVR service which I enabled immediately. A few days later we got a hit! We provided the video to the police and they saw it too. When I gave them a longer clip they even spotted a second shot that I didn't see. From their description I was able to go into my yard and find a BB right where they said! These shots were NOT accidental and the police are pursuing action! Needless to say, I now subscribe to the 7 Day DVR Service. I will be ordering another two Dropcams to add to my home. One I'll be facing out front of the house and a second one for the baby when it arrives. The only down side is the DVR service fee is per camera but you do get a 50% discount on additional cams. So I'll just add the second camera to the 7 Day DVR service and use the free live service for the baby monitor for a total of $15 a month.
