They tried too hard to be high-brow
Sci-fi short stories from prominent authors, quality actors like John Hurt, high production values.  How could they possibly go wrong? The short answer is that they were so concerned with making high-minded art that they forgot to make it fun.  They decided not to have action because action is low-brow.  They decided to use slow pacing because a fast pace is low-brow.  They decided to down-play tension because too much tension is low-brow.  They try bits of humor, but they come across as forced.  Sci fi television can have action, and still be high-minded.  It can be fast paced, and still be high-minded.  It can be tense, and still be high-minded.  It can have humor, and still be high-minded.  Great Sci Fi shows can be high-minded, and still be fun.  Shows like The Prisoner and the new Battlestar Galactica are high-minded and fun.  Masters of Sci Fi has a great deal going for it, but its fundamental flaw is that it just isn't fun. The obvious points of reference for this series are, of course, The Twilight Zone and The Outer Limits..  When each episode is a complete stand-alone story, it is not possible to develop a nuanced character, so everybody is little more than a cypher.  It is also impossible to have an elaborate story, so the plots are relatively simple.  Episodes are short stories, and the best short stories (like those of Philip K. Dick) present one interesting idea that is just too small to sustain a full novel.  The trick is to get to the point, and end it before driving it into the ground.  The ideas in these episodes are relatively common.  There is an episode combining a Kafkaesque trial with computers taking over the world, a trial about when an artificial intelligence becomes human, an episode about a rejected minority of mutants, etc.  In other words, there isn't much here that we haven't seen before.  Of course, one could argue that all plots are derivative at this point, but it is always possible to put a new twist on an old idea, and there aren't even any particularly different twists here. The more important problem, though, is that the episodes generally take too long to get to the point.  They have one interesting tidbit that doesn't come until the end of the episode, and nothing leading up to it is sufficiently dramatic, tense, funny, action-packed, etc. to sustain you until you get to that tidbit.  Then, of course, if you know the tidbit, there is no point watching, so I can't see rewatching the episodes.  In that sense, they are sort of like M Night Shamalamawhatshisname movies.  However, Shamalambadatheforbiddendance at least tries to keep a level of tension until you get to the relatively easy to predict twist.  This series doesn't bother with tension.  I will provide an example in the next paragraph.  I won't be ruining any great surprises, but if you want to watch this series without knowing anything in advance, don't read the next paragraphIn one episode, a pair of incredibly rich and incredibly annoying twits decide to try to save a semi-sentient android-cyborg-type-thing named "Jerry" from being destroyed, and the trial rests on whether or not Jerry has rights.  The episode only breaks from sci fi cliches when the court finds Jerry to be human when they realize that he is capable of lying and cheating.  The lesson, then, is that our faults make us human.  OK, so it isn't entirely new, but it is a bit different and interesting.  The problem is that the only interesting, different thing in the episode comes in a three minute segment at the end of the episode (the fact that Jerry likes candy and cigarettes hints at vice, but that is not enough to sustain an episode).  Everything else is just about watching two annoying people going through cliches.  Yes, they had to make us hate the rich couple in order to drive that point home, but they could have done that with only half as much of their annoying banter.
