Quite Breaking. Not So Beautiful.
Did we read the same book? Unfortunately I disagree with about 98% of the reviews here.(This review contains SPOILERS). First of all, the main character and the plot are probably the two most important aspects of a book. Both were sorely lacking in this book. I despised the main character, Allie. She was so weak, a shell of a person with no personality at all. I felt like I was looking at a blank canvas and trying to pretend there was a painting there. Reading this book with Allie as your main character was like being blindfolded and forced to walk through a pitch black night with a blind and deaf person leading you. At first I thought the Amnesia story line would be interesting, but it got old very quickly (like by the second chapter). It was a gaping hole in the story, and it was extremely frustrating. Nothing really happened throughout the first 49% of the book, which is ridiculous. I would have just stopped reading it, but I almost never do that. The ONLY aspect that kept me interested enough to keep reading were the notes appearing in Allie's locker, but even that turned out to be a lame explanation that I had guessed from the start.  As an ex battered woman myself, I had hoped to identify with Allie, but that never happened. She never even said WHY she stayed with Trip. Since she was only in high school, the usual reasons a woman stays (financial dependence, marriage, children) don't apply. Everyone else is applauding the fact that this author "addressed" domestic abuse, but I don't think it was realistically portrayed or even explained well. In this book, Trip would punch Allie in the stomach or scratch her or whatever (many of the bruises and scars were never even explained at ALL, another gaping hole in the story), then buy her an iPod and a card and everything was fine. What kind of a message does this send to young girls who may be in this position? It would have been better if Allie had actually had some guts and had left Trip. The "climax" was extremely disappointing too. I read the entire book, expecting some great mystery reveal at the end, but it was exactly as I had suspected from the first few chapters. There were absolutely no surprises here. The plot was paper thin.  Andrew and Caitlyn were the only saving graces of this entire book. I wanted to like Blake, but the way he was portrayed, I didn't trust him, therefore I didn't care for him much until the end (when it was too late to matter). The author never even said what state the story takes place in! I was only able to deduce it was Washington state by mentions of Seattle, Port Angeles, Abderdeen, and Puget Sound. That should never happen. Where a book takes place is a key element. Without knowing that, I feel like I'm on unsteady ground.  I didn't enjoy anything about this book. I felt like it was a huge waste of time and money (and I bought it on sale). I'll never read it again and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
