It's the size that counts.
Definitely faster than my Epic with the physical keyboard. No LTE on Oahu and the 4G coverage is crappy so I can't say how that goes. Wifi connects quickly. Jelly Bean is great and easy. If you're afraid to switch to Android... it's not that hard. Our 4 year old knows how to use my iPod touch and this phone. Never used Siri so I can't compare the S Voice, but it seems helpful so far. I was able to send text messages hands free while driving. It's not perfect though. I asked it to dial one thing out of my address book, and it dialed a different person. I wish that it had asked to confirm if that was the name that I said before connecting. Oh well. I even asked it, "How much wood could a woodchuck..." and it gave the correct answer, but it couldn't give me an answer when I asked if it liked green eggs and ham. I actually use the S pen. I did my homework last week scribbling notes on a PDF. This phone works for me because I watch a lot of videos from my memory card. They load fast and smooth. I email and text more than talk so the big phone next to my face isn't a problem. It doesn't fit in ANY of my pockets. It evens hangs out of my back pockets. Women's clothing have small pockets. If you use this for business... do you really wear pants with cargo pockets to meetings? It fits easily in purse though because it's slim. Since the screen is bigger, I have it set with bigger fonts. When it comes to music, I still prefer using my iPod classic. It just seems simpler. I miss having a physical shutter button like the Epic has. Takes good enough pictures for phone quality. The biggest plus so far is the minimal amount of bloatware that Sprint has on this compared to when I got the Epic two years ago. There was a crap load Sprint and NASCAR apps that you couldn't delete. Those are all optional now in the Play Store. Still has Swype. I can't Swype some works while holding this with one hand. Thumb won't reach across. Biggest complaint is that when any version of iphone comes out, there are hundreds of cases available before the phone is even out. I'm still waiting for Otterbox to release their cases that their website keeps saying, "soon". I have butter fingers. MMMmmmm, Butterfingers. Keep in mind that the screen is bigger so anyone standing around you can easily see what you're doing. I'd like to play with this and a Samsung TV to test it out. Also interested in that docking station with the HDMI output, but not for $100.
