Very Satisfied! Two Kindle Fire HD's
I've read an awful lot of reviews on both the 7" and 8.9" Kindle Fire HD before and after making our purchases. Some of the negative reviews are beyond comprehension and just plain silly, but with some merit. I now own the 8.9" Fire HD and my wife has the 7" Fire HD. She finds the smaller unit a better fit for her purse, since I don't carry a purse, the larger unit is perfect for me. It also is a bit smaller than the 10" tablets and perhaps the ideal size for those wanting both an e reader and a good internet tablet. We are both extremely happy with our purchases. With my HD I have easily been able to connect with the apps I use either through the Kindle store or directly through the web. Email connection with my Comcast account took 30 seconds to activate on the Kindle. It was easy to sync with my Google calendar and IGoogle and I had no problem sending documents from my PC to the Amazon cloud. For example, I uploaded the digital manual for my new mini cooper to the Amazon Cloud and opened it up on my KIndle - easier to read and find things than on the print version. I have had absolutely no problem with wifi connection, speed has been way beyond adequate, and of course the screen is beautiful. As an e reader, pages are clear, crisp, and page changing is fast. I'm very pleased with our purchases,snd also, I appreciate the reasonable pricing on these machines. As for the criticisms posted on this review site, yes I would have liked an included charger; the lack of flash has not interfered with any of my tasks; having an external charging light would have been nice, but I will survive; my fingers very easily find the power and volume buttons; why would I want to use a 9" tablet to take photos; maybe Amazon could have included a bit more written documentation, but all you could ever want is in the Kindle itself or on the web support pages. I got rid of the "other buyers have recommended scroll" through the updated software; the other ad thing on the lock screen is on my soon to be deleted list for 15 bucks, but isn't as annoying as some people claim (except for Mickey Mouse appearing several times); delivery of both Kindles was before the expected delivery date. If you want more bells and whistles, need to have access to every app in the universe, need every device you own to be capable of taking pictures, can't live without a blinking charge light, and prefer written documentation, the Kindle Fire HD may not be for you.  As for me, I am very satisfied!
