Reservations with movie mode/ problems with zoom
Had the camera a few days and giving it good marks, especially for picture quality.  I especially bought this camera for two main reasons. I wanted one with a decent mega-pixel rating and also a good OPTICAL zoom.  This camera has both.  The operation is not intuitive so I did have to do some homework but much of it was "easy" to operate but I wonder if part of that is because I've owned a digital camera before this one. And to address other's statements that the camera doesn't have an "automatic" flash---big deal, does not bother me one bit to physically lift the flash protector----takes less than a second.  And the other issue of using batteries up quickly----not a big problem with me either.  I already had 4 rechargeable AA batteries and just bought four more.  (HINT: If buying rechargeable batteries, buy ones of a different brand from one another so you will not mix the used ones with the fresh)  Considering the camera only holds two batteries, quick usage can be expected. I just carry my spares in my camera bag. One thing does bother me a little and that is the fact that it is "slippery".  There is no textured or rubberized plastic on which to grip the camera and keep a good grasp.  I think I may just get in the habit of putting the wrist strap around my wrist and spinning it a few times to tighten. The camera would be better to have two places on which to attach a strap that you could put around your neck. And I'm not sure about the quality of the Macro function with this camera. (Took me a while to realize that option is not available in the Auto mode.)  Don't know if the detail is questionable because when I open the photos in my Cannon software, I can magnify the view so many times that eventually it appears poor.  So that's a relative observation, at best.  But the movie quality is very good, especially when using the zoom.  I don't bother with the digital zoom but even that didn't look bad.  Need to get a tripod to hold the camera steady when zooming during a movie!  (Or maybe a "mono-pod")? One thing I found lacking in the Cannon down-loadable Zoombrowser EX software was the inability to downsize photos, and I miss my Photoshop ability to warm the photo with its "Temperature" option. Haven't looked deep enough for a way to warm a photo through Cannon's camera software so forgive me.  But you have the option of setting the camera to take lower resolution photos, so you can email them easier.  However, I've found that the quality isn't as good as when I take the photo in full resolution, edit it in other software and downsize it, to send it in an email attachment. One GREAT feature is the on-screen "notes" explaining what the different settings do, while choosing different settings on the camera!  It's a quick summary of the function without having to refer to an manual. Others mentioned the speed at which the camera takes photos too.  Again, doesn't bother me at all because I don't find myself in a position of having to take multiple photos in a row. But I also find that the on/off button is being accidentally hit when taking the camera out of my camera case.  It would be better to have that more recessed so you wouldn't turn the power on by mistake. Overall, for the price, this is a pretty good deal and you also have the Cannon name and quality behind you.  I'd recommend to a friend. UPDATE:  Okay, I've had the camera for over three months and I have concerns over the movie mode when using the camera.  When filming, when I move from right to left or "side to side" the camera has a problem keeping up with the movement and at the instant I change direction, the picture appears "sloshy" for the lack of a better adjective.  For instance, when filming a scene with a four foot high railing, when changing direction, the railing appears to wobble back-and-forth.  Same thing for any object I'm filming when I change directions.  I also have had a problem with the zoom when filming.  Two out of three times, the camera does not focus correctly when zooming at an object that is far away.  I'm talking a distance of approx. three miles.  Don't know if that is typical of cameras like this but on the third try, the object will focus correctly.  So, I moved my five star rating down from five stars to four. Second update: Problems with zoom.  Can now "hear" the zoom in my videos and the zoom does not respond correctly.  Focus is not good when zooming either.  Question quality.  Would not buy again.
