Nice charger. High-rate output. Sturdy design. Nice looking.
Note that I purchased this charger directly from Amazon and not from one of the other shippers. After being pleased with the first one, I tried to purchase 2 more, but Amazon limited me to 1. I purchased the third charger from another shipper, and I worry that it won't be authentic. I received this charger in a baggie containing a statement of Motorola warranty. On the underside of the charger, the input/output electrical specifications were given in Spanish. So I think this product comes from a Spanish Motorola inventory. The electrical specifications clearly state an output current of 950mA at 4.75--5.25V. There is a plastic clip (visible in the picture) on onside of the coil that lets the coil fold in two. That helps keep cable management clean in the car. On my way to work this morning, with my HTC Rezound smartphone initially charged to 90%, I turned on navigation and left the screen on. The sun was out, and so the phone became warm in its windshield mount. Nonetheless, I arrived at work with the phone at 94% and starting to pulse its current draw to reduce incoming current. So the charger did its job nicely. So I am very happy with this charger. For under $6, it's a high-rate charger from a recognizable source. The low price and the fact that Amazon limits the number a single buyer can purchase makes me think that this charger will soon not be available for sale. Get it while you can. Nice unit (if you get the real version from Moto). Hopefully it lasts for a while. SIDE NOTE: If you are looking for a dual-output charger suitable for tablets, I also have recently tried the "Mediabridge High Output Dual USB Car Charger (3.1 Amp)" and was pretty pleased with it. I didn't try it with tablets, but it performed the same test as above with the same results (if not better), and so I'm pretty confident it really will deliver the 3.1A it promises if necessary (and certainly the 2.1A needed for a single tablet plugged in).
