Decent quality, but there are other options
I purchased this item to be used by a church wanting to 1) capture a live camcorder feed by 2) outputting it from the S-Video output jack on the camcorder, 3) running that into the Honestech VHS to DVD product (as an "external capture card"), and then 4)  recording this on-the-fly using a laptop.  I used "Windows Media Encoder" in "Live Streaming" mode, simultaneously archiving the stream as a . wmv file.  The quality was surprisingly good.  There's no doubt that a high-dollar, internal capture card like the Osprey 210 works much better, but this was more than adequate for a church on a tight budget.  (If you want to see actual captured footage, on the fly, from the Honestech VHS to DVD 5.0 deluxe "external capture card," just go to [...] so you can see unedited images.  You'll see that the video and the audio stay in perfect sync, something other capture cards (like the Dazzle DVDRecorder) I tried did not do with consistency.  In addition, the native software on the laptop was able to "see" the Honestech device as a video input.  By contrast, while the Dazzle unit had its own software application, it was incompatible with Windows Media Encoder.  Windows Media Encoder did not see any "input" using Dazzle DVDRecorder. The laptop had insufficient memory to simultaneously record an audio archive of sermons using Audacity.  In fact, the "choppiness" that was recorded in a video file--few and far between, may I add--seemed totally related to the lack of the laptop memory and had nothing to do with the processing of the video image through the Honestech device. Now, for those of you who want to record your old VHS tapes onto your computer--running the signal from your VHS machine through the Honestech VHS to DVD 5.0 Deluxe--and then record it... have at it!  Be aware that the image won't be nearly as sharp as on the VHS tape and, in my three efforts, there was a substantial problem with sync between the video image and the audio track.  But, the software Honestech offered was VERY easy for even a novice to use, even using the "advanced" option.  So, if your sole purpose is to get SOME sort of digital version of your analog VHS signal, the Honestech VHS to DVD 5.0 Deluxe will do that for you.  But, there are better options. For one, if you want to avoid the headaches of inputting the VHS material into a computer, editing it, and burning it to a DVD, I HIGHLY recommend the Sony DVDirect units (such as the Sony VRD-MC6).  I've used them for many years and probably only had four or five coasters in thousands of live, on-the-fly recordings of church services and hundreds of family home movies (shot with a camcorder... not commercially-made products with Macrovision protection) of my children.  The devices are as easy to use, if not easier, than the Honestech VHS to DVD 5.0 Deluxe.  The key is that you simply hook up the composite (or S-Video) output from your VHS unit to the DVDirect unit WITHOUT NEEDING TO USE A COMPUTER.  You start the VHS feed and record it on-the-fly (in "real time") onto the formatted DVD in the Sony DVDirect unit.  Not only will you not have the sync problems that you can encounter with the Honestech product, you'll have a MUCH higher quality recording.  But, this all comes at a huge tradeoff... price.  The Sony units can cost hundreds of dollars.  The trick is to get one (even on eBay), do all your recordings, then sell it used on Craigslist or eBay, recovering most of your original investment. For those of you who want to add special effects, wipes, titles, and so forth, you'll want a software application on your computer such as Vegas Movie Studio.  That's a great product though its learning curve is pretty steep.  If you have the time to record the video/audio feed into your computer (I use firewire hooked between my camcorder and computer) AND edit it, this is a great option.  You can get it for just a bit more than the Honestech product.  I've imported dozens of mini-DVD feeds and still haven't had a single "dropped frame" using Vegas Movie Studio.  I can even burn, on a standard (not "Blu-Ray") DVD blank, video off my HD Canon camcorder that looks like a full 1080i played back on my LED tv.  (Of course, you can't get that quality with VHS tape because it didn't have as much recorded data to begin with when compared with an HD camcorder.)In summary:1)  If you just want to get your home-filmed VHS tapes onto a DVD and don't care if the quality is "okay," go with the Honestech product.  It's inexpensive, easy-to-use, and does a decent job.  I loved it for what I needed... a video image 320X240 pixels that had video and audio in sync using Windows Media Explorer.2)  If you want a higher quality DVD for playback, buy a Sony DVDirect.  Use the S-Video output on your VHS machine (if it has one), hook that into the DVDirect, set things up, then leave for an hour and let it record.  Come back when it's done, then "finalize" the DVD so it plays back in DVD players.  Remember, this is the only option of the three that requires NO computer.  Pay your grandchild a buck per transferred DVD, keep him/her busy for a few weeks, and enjoy your retirement.30  If you want the versatility of editing the VHS material (with wipes, changing the saturation, adjusting brightness, etc.), get a software application like VideoStudio, Pinaccle, or Vegas.  You can get a truly fantastic program, like Final Cut Pro, but you'd better be prepared to spend a LOT of time learning how to use those higher-end programs.  (For me, my time is valuable.  I'll pay someone ELSE to edit my work and go golfing, instead!)
