One out of six isn't bad! Right? Right? Ugh...
I hadn't heard of this series when it was airing on ABC last year. Now I'm begining to understand why. It's just not a good show. I'm also not sure why it aired on ABC. If they'd aired it on the Sci-Fi Channel, it still would've sucked, but would've also been much better than 90% of the dross they currently broadcast. We have on these discs six episodes and... that's it, actually. No extras. None. Remember back in the day when Paramount DVDs used to list "scene selection" as a special feature? Yeah, these don't even have that. The lousy DVDs set the stage for mediocre production values, terrible writing and very bad plots. Sadly, the first episode was so good it seems like it's part of a different series, but it's a steady downhill slide from there. Let's look at each episode.1. Surprisingly good! Excellent performances, a couple nice twists and some great writing! Too bad it doesn't set the stage for later.2. Eh. Acceptable. I could really do without the religious overtones, though.3. The begining of the end. Overly broad characterizations (not characters), extremely unsubtle plot points, bad overacting, and a plot that's been done much better elsewhere.4. Nice production values, but the characters all look like extras from Nightbreed and Total Recall, the central explanation for why these people are where they are makes no logical sense, and the ending really makes no sense! Oh, and then there's the fact that these deformities the characters display could be fixed even with modern surgical techniques, much less those available to people with enough tech to build a ship like that. Some great performances by Brian Denehy and John Hurt make it watchable, but that's about the best I can say for it.5. Oh, argh. There's nothing good about this episode. From the offhand reference to the 64th Amendment (cause, you know, after having less than 30 in 230+ years, we need to make up for lost time and add about 35 more in the next fifty years), to the word "Person" used as a title, to a made-up name for the main character, to a legal strategy that I can't believe no one would've ever tried before. This was just flat bad and I had a very tough time finishing it.6. Did you know there's dozens of physical changes that take place before someone kills someone else? Neither did I. Neither did most doctors, I'm betting. This episode claims there are these changes, but I wonder just how one determines this. I mean, what, hook someone up to a set of scanners and then let them kill someone else? Right. I bring this up because this is the central plot of this episode and it's pretty darn unlikely. Oh, I also wonder how it is that in this day and age you could have the solo scientist coming up with the concept, doing all the R&D, doing all the engineering, all the programming, etc, etc, on these warbirds. The episode itself is extremely predictable and uninteresting, and the ending is awfully abrupt and offers no conclusion. There's a place for sci-fi anthology shows. Some of the older ones, like "The Twighlight Zone" and "The Outter Limits" were very good. None of the newer ones have lived up to that legacy, and this doesn't change that. If you like good science fiction, look elsewhere. You won't even find watchable science fiction here.
