Samsung Chromebook... outstanding complement to my hard-working laptop
You know, I thought about buying a Chromebook months ago. Since I first considered the Chromebook, I trolled the reviews posted in dozens of review sites for many weeks/months hoping to find some perspective. Ultimately, I bought the Samsung as a Christmas present to myself. I'm glad I did. Right out of the box, the Chromebook was easy to use... and, it quickly became crystal clear how I would use it. I'm a business professor at at large southeastern research university and made a commitment to move my computer-based work (documents, pics, calendar, email, printing, etc.) to the cloud. For the time being, I still have several gigs of documents, etc. on my university desktop. But, I now use Cloud HQ to help bridge my desktop documents and my Google docs account... so, I have easy access to any doc I need. Granted, the transition from MSFT Office document formatting to Google docs formatting is less than perfect, but if I create all new docs in the Google environment, it will be fine going forward. I even moved all  my MBA class material to a Google-based class management platform called OpenClass... it's great. I can read and grade papers, quizes, etc that the students upload from my Chromebook... or my Android phone, for that matter. The only downside for the Chromebook right now (FEB '12) is that Google docs (and gmail) doesn't do off-line very well. I'm hopeful that Google will get on board soon with a lot of HTML5-based off-line apps. So, I travel with both my Chromebook and a little Toshiba netbook... so, I can create, edit docs on the go. Also, when it comes to number-crunching statistical analysis for my research ... I'm looking into whether I can use my Chromebook to access and us some web-based stats packages or let one of my doctoral students do the stats for me :)Bottom line: Don't be discouraged by the negative reviews you read about Chromebook. Clearly, the technology (hardware, software, cloud) is in a transition period right now. We are the lucky ones who will help -- via our feedback to Google -- shape the new frontier of personal computing. If you have a moderate to high tolerance for ambiguity, the Chromebook is GREAT!  If you think the Chromebook will be a perfect substitute for your laptop... as many negative reviewers do... you'll be frustrated.
