FABULOUS camera!  Great price!
I spent a lot of time investigating underwater digital cameras.  Each and EVERY camera had roughly 10% to 20% of negative reviews.  I visited different stores to hold the cameras in my hands and to see how sturdy they each felt. After 4 weeks of intense review, I decided upon this camera for the following reasons:1) 5X optical zoom2) Cool color blue3) Sturdy and solid as a rock4) Price is highly competitive5) One touch video recording6) The buttons are very EZ to use... even under waterWe took this camera to Punta Cana in the Caribbean.  I used it in the kids water park, in the large adult pools, in the ocean, on a deserted island, while snorkeling, and while scuba diving.  This camera met each and every challenge with no problems whatsoever!  I even banged it against the side of the pool two or three times by accident and it just keeps on working.  It's EXCELLENT.  It's rated for a depth of 16.5 feet, but I took it 20 feet under during a 40 minute dive and had zero problems!  I never had to use the manual because the camera has a help button that provides more details for every menu option. The camera is easy to use for still photos and video.  In terms of battery usage, it does very well when shooting still photos with the flash on.  For some reason it seems to consume the battery pretty quickly when shooting video.... but that doesn't matter because you can pick up an extra battery for very little money on Amazon.  The video files are saved in the MP4 file format.... which is GREAT because it takes up less space than AVI files !!!  Check out the pictures I uploaded! I had zero problems with the camera focusing.  It's awesome! UPDATE: November 2011 (2 months since my original review).  I purchased the camera in August and took it on vacation (as mentioned above).  The camera was awesome on the trip and still works just fine.  I have zero regrets and will continue to take this camera on vacations/trips etc.  After using it for 3 months, I think it's AWESOME for underwater stills and video.  I most recently took this camera to the Hoover Dam and Grand Canyon - it was such a great feeling to use it for video rather than bringing along a separate camcorder!  My only "concern" is that when I shoot pics of my kids at school (indoors), the photos come out just "average".  I'm not sure if it's me, or the flash isn't strong enough, or maybe I need to read the manual, but some photos come out a little dark, and sometimes a bit blurry.  Having said all this, the camera is still AWESOME for the pool, snorkeling, SCUBA diving, and anything where the conditions are wet!
