What are you waiting for?  Read this book!
I don't generally write reviews, and I never really put a lot of weight into the book reviews since every reader is so different.  I will usually read a few of the shorter reviews, and then get a general idea of the how well the book is liked by getting a ratio of the four and five star reviews to the overall number.  At the time that I am writing this, Wool currently has 3355 four and five star ratings out of 3504 total reviews (Overall average of 4.8 stars).  To me, that is a damn good ratio that deserves to at least have my attention enough to download and read the sample.  The ratio was pretty close to the same when I read Wool 1, although I believe the number of reviews was less than 1000 at the time. I had downloaded the first Wool, and found that it was more than enough to grip me, and I immediately bought the Omnibus.  Wool 2 took me a little longer to get through, I found it to be plodding.  An old woman and the silo deputy climb slowly down hundreds of flights of stairs. ("Why isn't there a frickin' elevator!"  I kept asking myself.)  It wasn't until later that I realized that the monotonous scene of going up and down the silo stairs was intentional.  It gives the reader an understanding of how huge the silo is, and how difficult transportation and communication is for the people that live inside of it.  Howey could have just said that climbing from the top of the silo to the bottom, and then back again was a harrowing task, but instead he chose the show it.  To make the reader feel it and understand it in a way that few writers have the ability to do.  At the end of Wool 2, we get to meet Juliette, which is a character that I'm not likely to ever forget.  From what I have read of Hugh's background, I don't think he's ever done any maintenance or mechanical work, but he nails Juliette.  From her dedication to completing a job, to the individual triumph she gets from doing the job well, I was able to identify with and like Jules right from the start. Aside from the great descriptive narration and rich characters, Hugh Howey is a story-weaver of epic proportions.  The plot pieces fit together like an intricate puzzle.  The Shift series prequel that comes after the Wool Omnibus answers many questions and introduces even more interesting characters and twists that make me believe that Howey is some type of genius for how he's managed to lay it all out. This story and these characters are ones that will stick with me for a long time - to me that is what makes a book outstanding enough to deserve a five star rating. Do yourself a favor and read the Wool Omnibus.  It's an incredible value and story that is well worth a re-read too.  I usually have no less than ten books waiting to be read at any given time on my Kindle, but Hugh's books always make their way to the top as soon as I can get them, and the Wool series is one that will be on my re-read list forever, and with all the books out there that I have to read, my re-read list is very short.  Keep them coming Hugh!
