Overall a great camera, but has its downsides
Not going to go into stuff that you could read at review sites, like the image quality of the new sensor. But here are my PERSONAL impressions and comprison to other m43 cameras that I own. THE GOODMy E-PM1 had bad blurring when using the in-body image stabilization at around 1/100 sec. I am happy that the E-M5 doesn't seem to have that problem. This makes the IBIS much more useful. The quality of the EVF is massively improved over the E-PM1 with the VF-3 add-on viewfinder. Love the touchscreen on this way better than the touchscreen on my Panasonic GF-2. EVF automatically switches on when you put your eye up to it. This is a lot more convenient than it might sound. Built-in level is useful if, like me, you find it hard to take perfectly level photographs; useful for landscape photography. THE BADNoticeably bigger and heavier than E-PM1. One of the chief benefits of m43 over DSLRs is that m43 is supposed to be small and light. EXPENSIVE compared to other m43 cameras. Now that the E-PM2 is out, you can get the exact same image quality and most of the functionality of this camera for half the price, plus the E-PM2 has the advantage of being smaller and lighter. Note that the E-PM1 has all of the advanced menu options of the more expensive Olympus cameras, and I assume Olympus is going to continue their policy of not intentionally crippling their less expensive models. HATE the new 12-50mm kit lens. It's twice as big and heavy as the 14-42mm II, but the image quality is extremely disappointing at the wider angle focal lengths. The 14-42mm II offers better overall image quality for less money,  less size, and less weight. I don't use the 12-50, so I wish I had saved money and bought the body only (since I already had a 14-42 II). Buttons mushy and hard to press. It's bad enough that I notice the problem and get annoyed every single time I need to push a button. Less expensive E-PM1 has way better buttons. Focus areas are too big. There's some way to make one focus area smaller, but it's hidden in the menus and ridiculously complicated to use. I managed to figure it out once, but subsequently forgot how I did it. The "MySet" custom modes are hard to figure out and unnecessarily complicated. Why not put them on the mode dial instead of the "Art" and "Scene" modes which don't seem to belong on a $1000 camera geared towards serious amateurs and professionals. You can assign a Myset mode to a button, but it only works while holding down the button, which is almost impossible to do and still hold the camera steady. The implementation of MySet makes absolutely no sense. Can't set exposure compensation in "M" mode (which would be very useful combined with auto ISO). EVF eye sensor gets triggered when using the touchscreen. Olympus should have included a physical on-off switch for instantaneously turning that feature on and off. Holding down the button on the side of the EVF for 2 seconds does automatically bring up the menu option, but it still winds up taking several seconds and fiddling with the mushy buttons to switch off the EVF.
