Nice new features, but no more distintive ring and still low memory
Why no company seems to be able to make a home phone with even half the features a cell phone has is beyond me. I feel like I'm living in the dark ages when I pick up my Panasonic KX-TG7645M handset to make or receive a call. The interface is clunky, unintuitive, illogical, and limited; the settings barely give one the ability to customize the phone's behavior to the user's liking; and some features from previous versions of this phone are gone (like the ability to assign a distinctive ring to individual phone numbers). Phone number labels are still limited to just 16 characters; the call block list is limited to just 30 numbers; the redial list only shows the last five numbers dialed; and you're limited to just 3 groups of phone numbers (i. e., Home, Cell 1, Cell 2). You can assign a distinctive ring to each of the three groups, but that's the extent of that castrated feature. At least the newer features work well, such as pairing with two different cell phones to make calls from your main handset as if you're using one of the cell phones, or having the main handset ring when one of your cell phones ring. Thankfully, the list of stored numbers in the phone book seems limitless on this phone, which is a welcome relief since my previous version of the phone (the KX-TG6445T) was severely limited. However, you can't group numbers together under a single contact. So if you want to enter numbers for your Parents, your Dad's cell, your Mom's cell, your Dad's work, and your Mom's work, you have to enter them separately. And good luck labeling the contacts when you're limited to 16 characters. (Better hope your parents' names are nice and short like 'Rick Jones' and 'Lori Jones' so you'll have those few remaining characters left to include "CELL," "WORK," or "HOME.")While the KX-TG7645M is definitely a welcome improvement over the 3-year-old KX-TG6445T, it should be so much better. What's even more sad is that this is probably one of the best home phones on the market, if not *the* best. If there are more expensive phone systems (short of buying an Avaya office system) for your house that work perfectly, I've never found them.
