I'm in love!
This is my first DSLR and I have to say I'm so enjoying this wonderful Nikon! I've been using it for a few months now, my husband bought me this as an anniversary gift for me in January and I wanted to get to know this camera before reviewing it. I've been having a great time getting to know this technology which is new to me (I've only ever used a simple point & shoot before). While I'm aware that there are DSLRs out there that are several times the cost of this one, and also come with even more advanced features, I have to say this digital SLR is a fantastic starter camera for those who are wanting to get into photography - whether it's just a hobby or even professional. I was most interested as I like to take nice photos for my blogging and also practice photography techniques with my children. Although someday I hope to pick up a few more fancy lenses, this Nikon camera comes with a great starter lens which takes some excellent photographs. As with any DSLR, it does take some learning and adjusting to in order to know how to operate this camera. While it's more complicated than a simple point & shoot that just about anyone could figure out, the Nikon D3100 is one of the more manageable DSLRs for beginners. I still have  a lot to learn about this technology, but so far I've found this camera fairly easy to understand. It has a very helpful, built-in help system as well, available on any setting at the touch of a button. I'm also a fan of the easy "trash button" that lets me delete photos I don't want quickly and easily, as opposed to having to navigate through a menu in order to delete anything. The built-in flash is okay, but we definitely plan to buy some additional flash accessories in order to give this camera it's fullest potential. The built-in can only do so much, so definitely consider that before buying - you're probably going to want to spend the money on a nice flash as well. We've had zero complications with this camera, although we're taking our time getting to "know" it, and very much enjoying the process. If you're a beginner photographer, or simply wanting a really nice camera for home/personal/business photography, the Nikon D3100 comes highly recommended by this family! It comes everywhere with us now, and we're so pleased with it's capabilities, especially considering the price compared to other comparing DSLRs. Enjoy! She's a beauty.
