PowerShot SX130IS Real World Use
First, I do like this camera.  The quality of the high res photos is excellent.  As a longtime photo buff that used a Canon A1 for 25 years, this camera will do almost everything that SLR would do and a bunch of stuff it did not do.  It is easy to use and combines the ability to use automatic features as well as a complete manual mode. Now for the stuff that keeps it from being 5 stars.  It eats batteries.  Forget about using alkaline batteries and go with rechargeables.  The mfg estimates of number of pictures or amount of video is pretty meaningless.  You will get about an hour of shooting time, depending on how much you use the zoom and flash.  I did some testing and with continuous recording I got about 55 minutes of video... no zooming and very little review.  I was able to shoot about 30 minutes of video and 400 pictures using some zoom and flash but it was all done in less than an hour of shoot time.  When I say shoot time, I mean the actual time the camera is on.  Not elapsed time, but, constantly turning on and off the camera does cost battery life as well. Next, manual focus does not work all that well.  Using the little wheel is tedious. As for video... the limit of 10 minutes of video at a time is pretty stupid.  I could see it if it was to accommodate the 4gb file size of fat 32 but 10 minutes of video at the highest resolution possible results in a file of less than 2gb.  They could easily have gone with a 20 minute limit.  The other thing about the video is the . mov (Adobe Flash) format of the video files.  Just about the only thing that will play them is a computer with Flash installed.  None of my standalone players will play them.  You have to spend the time to convert them (and btw... the software that comes with the camera does not export any readable formats so you will have to use some other software to do that.)  That all assumes that you just try to load the memory card via USB and not use the camera to play the files. Last... use fast, high quality memory cards (I am using Class 10 PNY cards and they seem to work well.)Again, I like the camera and all of these negatives only cost it 1 star!
