Don't overlook the unknown authors....
Just a note: This is actually three works combined into one, but I will be referring to it as a single book, because that's how I read it, and that's how it seems. I'd been browsing the Kindle store for quite some time before I finally broke down and got this title. I'm normally the kind of guy who prefers to read what I know I'll like; authors whose names I recognize, shared-world fantasy and sci-fi, etc. But one day I decided I'd download this free sci-fi novel on my kindle. I haven't looked back since. The bad is that the author's Star Trek fanboy-ness shows through at times, with characters who rarely come into conflict with each other, and a clear line between the 'good guys' and the 'bad guys'. But that's all the bad. The good is hard to sum up in one review.-The universe the author has created is both rich and believable, full of interesting places, people and technology. It's a place I would want to live... So long as I could choose Freeground station for my homestead.-The characters are sympathetic and believable in that they often act like real people, unlike the melodramatic, cliched cut-outs in so many other works. I found the lack of character development to be a bit irksome, but the short time span of this book and the development that occurs in the following books more than makes up for it.-The plot is vast and epic, with dark hints of more to come in the future. It sucked me in and kept me turning pages through all 6 released books.-The prose is spot on; elegant and illustrative. I can picture the scenes happening in my mind's eye with little trouble, and it looks simply awesome.-The story is well told, with characters behaving in ways that become predictable on the second reading, because of how well you've gotten to know them the first time around.-The action is both believable and exciting, keeping me sucked in while never stretching my suspension of disbelief.-The author knows how to keep the reader in the dark, and when to open the windows, and manages to pull this trick often enough that I don't feel safe making any predictions, yet not so often that it gets old. All in all, I absolutely adore this book and all it's sequels, and I can't wait for the next to be published.
