Could Have Been Better *Slight Spoilers*
Now I hopped onto the Ice and Fire train relatively late. I started Game of Thrones probably six months before the HBO series and--like everyone else--I raced through Clash of Kings and Storm of Swords. Realizing I was going a bit fast I paused on Feast for Crows... I started reading up and learning about the long wait for Feast and then the still ongoing wait for Dance. So I decided to read Feast a week or so after Dance released, afterward moving straight on to Dance. It is extremely clear that after Storm Martin had lost a certain vigor that he had with the previous books. Feast and Dance share a lot of flaws and this is needless repition and not just in his prose. He constantly seems to use the same two plot lines for every character. It seems that ever since Feast a character is either in a long (and mostly very drawn out) journey (Tyrion, Brienne, Quentyn, Victarion, Griff, Asha, Bran) or is stuck in a single place trying to rule whilst every character around them, to an extent, tries to corrupt their plans (Dany, Jon, Cersei, Barristan) the only characters that slightly--sometimes very slightly--avoid these two plots are Theon, Davos, Jaime, Arya, Sansa and the Dornish from Feast. Most of those characters who are not victims to the Two-Plot rule (with a few exceptions) have very minimal parts in Feast and Dance. Basically the plot never significantly moves forward for practically all the characters. As opposed to the first three books where A character would be traveling somewhere at the end of the chapter to end up there in their next chapter the book drags every single detail and sight in the journey. Basically it seems that Martin just didn't know where to put the characters after Storm of Swords and it shows in Feast and Dance. Cersei is reduced to a typical paranoid tyrannical, Tyrion a traveling show dwarf, Dany a young girl who  knows little in the ways of war, Jon a commander who can't explain things to his troops. Also GRRM seems to be resorting to cheap plot devices and cliffhangers. He has seemingly brought every character back to life at least once in Dance (only slight exaggeration). Basically most chapters end with the death of their characters next chapter of theirs begins with their mostly random story of how they escaped the death narrowly. This throws a lot of realism out the window. Also he increasingly decides to create new characters in POV's. Instead of maybe five or six total POV's in a book with each one pretty much representing a region of the world we now have some characters showing and talking about the same events, some that are completely nowhere related to the rest of the story. I think Martin needs to understand that we don't need every detail of every story... I wouldn't mind a character not being present but hearing about a ceratin event. Basically a chief example is Dany in Meereen, when she leaves the city Barristan randomly gets his own POV to show what's happening in the city when instead we could have followed Dany or Tyrion and just learned through rumor or word of mouth what happened in Meereen. Basically at the end of Dance the plot is no further along than at the end of Storm. The writing is very good and I'm one of the few that don't seem to mind the excess details but I think they would be more tolerable with a more driven story. Overall the story seems to be crumbling in on itself and Martin would need to work extremely hard to dig himself out the hole that is Feast and Dance
