Camera is 5 Stars, Amazon Shipping was 2 Stars or Less
By some miracle, my camera arrived in one piece and in working order. It's delivery was announced by a thud on my cement landing and the noise of a mail truck speeding away. No problem I thought, with a sturdy box and plenty of bubble wrap, the camera didn't feel anything. Or did it? The small rectangular box was torn open on one end revealing a single piece of bubble wrap loosely lodged in the outer box end opposite of the square inner Nikon box. There was no padding at all around the Nikon box itself. The fact that the camera initially passed all function tests that I put it through is a testament to its solid build. But what's the deal; was the Amazon packer drunk? I don't know. But the camera is extremely customizable, solid and a mean video tool that might even exceed D800 video. The 60i option is very smooth for movement, no noticeable strobing and it may mitigate some of the normal rolling shutter issues - still testing. One needs to allow for a more wide-angle lens for video shooting if in the 1.3X mode (the only mode that allows 60i), even though it is true 1080, you are effectively cropping in on the scene. I find the selectable single point auto focus to be almost as smooth as manual focus, the other high tech focus modes in LiveView have way too much searching focus action. Nothing screams "home video" like watching a video where the camera is zooming in and out of focus as it brackets to find the sharpest image - thankfully you don't get that in the single point mode. One half push of the shutter release and it locks the focus on that point, if you want to shift focus, you can move the focus box to the next point without altering the video until you half-push on the new point. Shift! I like it. Still testing the still image functionality but it certainly beats my old D90, sharpness, noise, larger image viewer - a long list. At this price point, you can't go wrong with this level of function. I wanted the D800 but after computing how long I'd be paying for it and the fact that I'm currently awash in DX glass, the total D800 operational cost was still a killer.
