Not My Idea of a Romance...
I decided to write this in hopes that it will assist those that haven't yet purchased this book or read it - especially since I was disappointed and frustrated, so maybe I can prevent that in someone else. The problem I had with this book was that it failed to fulfill my requirement for "Romance." I've read a plethora of paranormal romance novels - many of which were centered around werewolves, vampires, and a combination of the two. I happen to really love this genre, and am well versed with the whole "me Alpha, you shewolf, I rule" mentality that some authors use. However, this one just struck me as abusive, awkward, uncomfortable, and just generally all-around frustrating. This book begins with an 18 year old (almost 19) virgin, Elise, who is not only forced to be bonded to a stranger (Kane) for political purposes, but also forced to have sex with that stranger the very night they're introduced. And why? Because the old fashioned Elders dictate it and her father commands her to. Let's not forget that she's in love with someone else while this is occurring, making it doubly heartbreaking and violating. Are we feeling the romance yet? Oh, baby... a girls body being traded for politics and used makes me feel all warm and gooey inside. Especially when she cries and feels ashamed. Maybe it comes from me having spoken with numerous rape victims... who are often ashamed that their bodies responded even when they didn't want to... that makes this book feel violating and dirty. We're confronted with several more episodes of this "I can't stop my body from responding to you, even as my mind rebels," in the front end of the novel. Kane merely ruts on her because she's attractive and they're now mated - but screw intimacy, because who the heck needs that? Meanwhile we still have a very shallow attachment to either of the main characters, since the author hasn't taken the time to give them even a stitch of depth. I suppose that may be why I focused so much on the awkward, violating sex... since there really wasn't much else to focus on. The author attempts to make it seem as though Elise and Kane are "bonding" by having them exchange likes and dislikes, but at that point it still really just feels like strangers awkwardly conversing, like "Hey, I was just forced to have sex with you, maybe we should discuss what kind of books you like to read."On top of that, we have this mentally abusive werewolf alpha mentality where Elise isn't even able to keep something to herself without being threatened with violence from her "mate." Nothing like fear of your mate to really ramp up the romance level, huh? I guess I'm just not into books where the woman is oppressed and bent to the man's will. Doesn't do it for me - not at all. Apparently, being the Alpha in this book also means do as I say and not as I do, since Elise couldn't even speak with her long time [male] friend to say good-bye without Kane suddenly getting between them and scaring the poor guy off with a possessive "she's mine" line... but slutty werewolf groupie, Marla, can hang all over Kane and mistreat Elise without anyone saying Boo. Someone needs to give this gal a pamphlet on Spousal Abuse and take her to a shelter. Am I the only one that cringes at this whole situation that the author has concocted? This book isn't sexy, isn't romantic, isn't anything... except disgustingly misogynistic, and not in that steamy manly man way, either.  I remember reading this a couple years ago off of a freebie book site and thinking the same thing, but by the time I remembered I hadn't liked this book I was already half way through. So, if you like the idea of men brow beating women, a woman cringing away from her partner in fear, double standards for men and women, the whole "be seen and not heard" concept, and all that other archaic jazz... then this is perfect for you. If not, I recommend passing.
