Great Features, but slow and unreliable
I was pretty happy with my LG for a while.  It did EVERYTHING I needed it to - play BluRays, Hulu, Netflix, Amazon, and stream content from my PC (via DLNA). I had some complaints, but I was mostly able to overlook them.  The interface is VERY slow and clunky.  There is a row of "favorites", but I never figured out how to add anything to it, and I don't think it's POSSIBLE to add things like Netflix to it.  Online support was nil. I loved the "quick bootup" feature, but I found that when using it "apps" like Hulu would rarely work, and I'd need to "reboot" from scratch anyway, negating any time savings. Hulu worked RARELY on the first try, even after all software updates.  Every time an update came through I'd get excited, but then Hulu would hang up again and I'd have to restart and everything would be fine.  I'd say, one out of every five launches, Hulu would decide not to play, and I'd have to go to the home screen and relaunch, sometimes twice.  Annoying, not a dealbreaker. Netflix often signs itself out, which is another annoyance.  I should change my password to something easier to type via a remote control and an on-screen keyboard. But the real problem is that, here I am at just over six months of use, and the disc player is completely broken.  It makes a lot of noises trying to spin up, but won't play any physical media.  I figure it's still under warranty, only to learn that parts are only warrantied for 30 or 90 days (I forget which), only labor is for a full year.  And of all the things I used this player for, BluRays (or any discs) was by far the most rare.  Hulu and Netflix got almost daily use, but if I played a disc once a week it'd be a lot... and yet that part broke within six months???  And I'd need to PAY to replace it? Sorry LG.  Most of the minor inconveniences I could overlook because of the great featureset, but throw in bad reliability and support?  I'll be looking elsewhere for my next player (which I need far earlier than I would have hoped).
