Pochahontas - The blue skinned version.  It was pretty... and that was about it.
The "Wow" factor that this movie had to offer was the awesomely awesome spectacular CGI effects... and that was pretty much it.  The effects look great and it blended very nicely with the human actors - so kudos to the special effects team.  I'm sure it was a lot of hard work, creativity, talent, and imagination to create Pandora, the Na'vi, design the human ship, and those mecha/robot suits. I just wish some of that talent had also been thrown into the script.  I hate it when films do that -  have a lousy, overly preachy, contrived, already-been-done-before, lackluster script and throw in some CGI effects to dupe us into thinking that it is an over the top absolutely fabulous, brilliant, OMG James Cameron is such a genius so god-like we ought to put him on a pedestal movie.**SOME SPOILERS, BUT WHAT DOES THAT MATTER IF NEARLY EVERYONE'S SEEN THIS THING EITHER AS THIS MOVIE OR IN SOME OTHER FORM? BUT ON THE OFF CHANCE HERE'S YOUR WARNING**It began somewhat interesting.  We have our hero, a disillusioned wheelchair bound Marine, Jake.  He had a twin brother scientist who kicked the bucket for some vague reason - I just don't quite remember why but that's not important.  Anyway, the twin was about to partake in some research to explore Pandora and it's inhabitants the Na'vi. In order for him to do so, the twin had to be linked to this uber expensive mishmash of human and Na'vi DNA being called an Avatar. Although this research is backed by both the military and a corporate conglomerate it would be WAY TOO EXPENSIVE to rework the genetics of the Avatar or create a new Avatar altogether and hire a competent researcher with the same educational background or even go at this thing without the extra guy.  So by virtue of shared DNA, the not-as-smart-as-his-scientist brother Jake is offered this opprotunity by default. Wow. Now here's where the movie is pretty much like every other movie so much so that you'll go on believing you're psychic for the next two hours or so.  If you've seen Pocahontas, Dances With Wolves, The Last Samurai or anything like it then you've pretty much seen Avatar.  Jake is lured by the EVIL totally angry needed to take a huge dump general, who would like nothing more than to destroy Pandora and it's inhabitants for no apparent reason what-so-ever other than the fact that he's a warmongering military general. And that's what big angry warmongering military generals like to do, right? Right. Jake, like a good little Marine that he is, agrees to this and doesn't really question it at all because he's a Marine and he has to be totally and mindlessly loyal.  That is until he meets the totally hot apparent love interest the Na'vi princess(of course she has to be a princess and hot),  Neytiri and becomes as immersed in the culture as the good-hearted researchers he's teamed up with. He betrays the Na'vi, then earns their respect, and fights along side them save Pandora and a life giving tree. Wow.** NO MORE SPOILERS**Basically, you throw in breathtaking CGI graphics, a teaspoon of Manifest Destiny; mix in some elements of Native American and African cultures; a spritz of Aliens; a dollop of Fern Gully, Pocahontas and Dances With Wolves; a dash of The Last Samurai; two or three or five or ten thousand cups of battle scenes; an insufferable handful of preaching the evils of the military, big corporations, and how we need to protect the environment and respect other cultures and their environment; and a teeny weeny pinch of porn and there have it Avatar.  It's a really pretty movie but with nothing original nor anything new to offer.  If you're going to see this movie because of the breathtaking special effects - I won't deny that it's a gorgeous movie and the special effects are truly spectacular- then this is the perfect movie for you. However, if you want to watch a movie with a storyline as rich as the special effects - I'd look elsewhere. So glad I didn't have to pay for this movie and I saw it in 3D.
