Nice upgrade from the G12. Simple review.
I've long been a fan of my trusty Canon G12. Since it hasn't been upgraded in quite some time, I thought it was the end of the line for the series. When the G15 was announced, I immediately wanted one. Having had it for a couple of days now, I'm very happy with it. Out of the box, the biggest difference I noticed was that the G15 no longer has an articulated swivel screen. To a lot of people, this will be a huge disappointment. There is a positive to this though. Without it, the camera is thinner and lighter now. The screen is also larger and higher resolution. (3", 920K). The lens has the same focal length as the G12, but the new G15 lens has a wider aperture. f1.8 vs f2.8. My results show a nice improvement in low light situations. Canon has also improved the auto-focus speed. Megapixels have been increased from 10mp to 12mp. The G15 has a 1/1.7" CMOS sensor, which is larger than most compact style cameras. The DSLR style controls and menus are easy to navigate and understand. On my initial battery charge, I managed just over 300 shots, which I consider good. Now for the most important thing. Image quality. I took several hundred pictures in various conditions. Image quality was excellent under all circumstances. I shot in JPEG mode, using ISO 80-800. Images shot outdoors in good lighting conditions were almost DSLR quality. Images shot indoors were excellent too. Image noise up to ISO 400 was barely noticeable. At ISO 800, noise become more noticeable, but results were still much better than you'd expect from a compact camera. I only shot a minimal amount of video since I have little interest in using it, but what I did shoot does look good. The G15 can do 1080P at 24fps. All in all, the Canon G15 is just a great camera. Pros:Excellent image quality. Fast 5x 28-140mm lens. RAW image capture. DSLR style manual controls. Good battery life. Fairly thin and lightweight.3", 920K screen. Optical viewfinder. Cons:No articulated screen. Ergonomics might be awkward to some.
