Looks and feels cheap, features are very basic, you get what you paid for
I have owned many cameras from many makes and models. Currently I have two Canon DSLRs and half a dozen mirrorless compact system cameras from Sony, Samsung, Panasonic, Nikon and Pentax. In short, I know quite a bit about digital cameras, not just the technical details but also the built-quality, the aesthetic and the handling / user interface for example. I purchased this Sony W650 as a gift for my mom. Before deciding to buy it, I was torn between it and Canon Elph 100 HS. I loved the Canon P&S cameras I owned in the past but I also loved Sony ones I had as well. Between these two, Sony W650 is newer and cheaper. It also has sweep panorama. The camera looks pretty in the pictures. However, once I have it on my hand, I can tell immediately that while the front has a nice look of brushed metal finish, the back looks like it's made of cheap plastic. If I hold the back of the camera against a light source, I can see uneven surface as if a result of a bad paint job. I got the red color one by the way. The buttons look and feel cheap as well. The zoom is not smooth / even but rather jumpy. Going through the menu, I can tell that this is not a camera I would love to use. The camera features are very basic. Eg. for the flash, you can only choose either Auto or Off (at least on the intelligent Auto mode). It is a far cry from all other point and shoot cameras I have used in the past including Sony W50/W55. I went to a local brick and mortar store to get a better comparison between many different point and shoot cameras. For a point and shoot camera, the price only makes sense as long as it is below $200. Because above that, you enter into a realm of mirrorless compact system camera which most have significatly larger sensor than typical point and shoot cameras. So I limit my price range to below $200. I went back to the other camera I was originally interested on. At the brick and mortar store, they only have the Elph 110 HS which is the newer model but for the most part identical to the 100 HS. Canon 100 HS has "only" 12 megapixels while Sony W650 has 16 megapixels. However, most point and shoot cameras such as these have tiny imaging sensor, 1/2.3" (6.17mm x 4.55mm) to be exact. Higher megapixels generally means higher noise. Canon 100 HS has a more beautiful finish throughout its surface. No bad paint job LOL. Buttons are flushed, which may irk some people, but I found that they are fine. They are larger than those on the Sony and don't look like they may come off or break off easily like the Sony's. Menus look better. It has more features than the Sony's. In the end, I returned the Sony W650 and bought the Canon Elph 100HS.
