Pretty Decent After a Firmware Upgrade
I did my research and settled on this unit to keep an eye on my home while I was away overseas. It did a great job and I was very pleased with the results. The motion detect was great and the emailed photos I received let me know when my pet sitter came and went. I did not use any audio features, so cannot comment on that. Many reviews here comment on the great features, so I won't repeat them here. I'll restrict my review to some issues I had and general comments about the product.1. I work in IT so setting this unit up on my wireless network was no biggie. However, I can see how someone who doesn't understand (wireless) networking might get confused and frustrated. That said, many reviews comment on how good Foscam's customer/tech support is, so that's good. I didn't need to use it. For a great step-by-step method to setting up, see the review by R. Tickle from March 29, 2012.2. I bought my first unit towards the end of October '12. After 8 or 9 days it dropped off my wireless network. The only way I could get it to re-connect was to reboot the camera AND reboot my wireless router. It would be OK for a day or so, then do it again. Rebooting my wireless router was getting old, so I returned the camera for a replacement. It has worked flawlessly ever since.3. The replacement unit shipped with updated firmware and Foscam had made some changes. One was not for the better. Before, when I clicked IR mode, the camera went into IR mode irrespective of the amount of light. On the replacement unit, it did not. The camera decided for itself whether or not it thought there was enough light to justify IR mode. I find that annoying. To compensate, Foscam increased the range for the brightness setting. For example, at night a distant (20+ feet away) lamp in my living room provided sufficient light to prevent IR mode, even though the majority of that room was dark or in deep shadow. I had to jack up the brightness setting to be able to see the room. The original camera from October switched into IR mode when I told it to irrespective. I preferred that mode of operation.4. Setting up email so you can receive emails when motion is detected is a pain. Foscam are upfront about the fact Hotmail won't work, so I setup a Gmail account specifically for this camera. After a few dozen emails (forwarded to my Hotmail account), everything stopped. No emails! Long story short, Google had decided that the email traffic via the gmail account I'd setup was spam and had suspended the account. Idiots! I setup an Outlook. com email account instead and after fiddling around with the settings, it has worked well ever since. Just be aware that the camera software doesn't tell you if there's an email problem per se. The Test button in the UI only tells you something failed and is invalid if the email account setup is wrong. It doesn't tell you what is wrong, why it is wrong or how to fix it. So expect to spend some time fiddling with this function. That said, there is some good reference material on the Foscam website and on Youtube as well.5. Overall, for the price this is a great IP camera. I'd like to see HTTPS support and a zoom function, but apart from that it's a very good piece of kit. Happy voyeuring!
