Definitely an Upgrade!
I bought and received this phone three days ago as an upgrade from an engineering version of the very first droid (running eclair) and I have to say I am very happy with my choice. POSITIVES:Ice Cream Sandwich is a great version of android, and it runs really nicely on this phone. There are literally no apps I've run into that I cant download, so that's a plus (coming from eclair especially!)The phone itself is a really great design - extremely slim with nothing sticking out except the chin piece, which is actually a great addition as it allows you to have a better grip on your phone. This phone is honestly as beautiful as the iphone (I absolutely love apple products, so that's saying a lot). The keyboard is FANTASTIC. I had such trouble with my old phone's keyboard - after 4 months of use I still was messing up letters. This one I got within the first five minutes of use! This phone also has five customizable home screens, which is honestly the perfect amount. With any more, I think I would be overwhelmed. I really enjoy that android has the option to put widgets on the homescreens, whereas apple does not have that feature on their iphone. As far as price goes, this was an incredibly great phone for the money. I'm extremely pleased! NEGATIVES:You can't get to the battery yourself, so that's kind of annoying. No replacing it yourself when the time comes. I wish there was a dedicated camera button on the side of the phone, but that's not a huge deal as the lack of it adds to the overall flow of the phone design. I also wish there was a front camera to skype with, but it's not a huge deal. If you really want that, you can pay $100 extra and get the Evo V. But the lack of that feature wasn't worth the strain on my wallet! The one thing that I have noticed is that the screen does lag when you're opening and navigating through apps, especially when you have lots open. But that's to be expected, as its processor and RAM aren't the best on the market. With that said, you just need a little patience and you'll be fine. CONCLUSION:I did a lot of research before I bought this phone, especially between this phone and the HTC Evo V. For $100 less, I got a phone that I'm extremely pleased with and will definitely be keeping around! While I would have bought the iPhone had it not been out of price range, I honestly am so pleased with this phone that even if I have the opportunity to purchase the iphone in the next couple years, I honestly don't know that i would because this phone is so great.
