Good player but the cheap Internal WiFi Antenna hinders performance!
March 18th Update: Our Cable service had a brief power outtage over the weekend in our area and we ended up using some of the Apps on this BD-D5700's smart hub and they were excellent! We used the BBC and CNBC apps for news and they both streamed seemless and felt almost as if we were watching normal TV. There are still a few other apps that we didn't use yet but they seem great so far. We bought this for two reasons - As a Christmas Gift to add Netflix to my Mom's bedroom TV and because the unit was only $40 brand new at a local store closeout sale. After 2 months of usage here is my take;1. When you first take it out of the box  before you do anything you MUST go to the Settings Menu connect the unit to your wifi internet and immediately let it update for both the unit's firmware  and the smart hub apps. Even if you find your unit has the latest firmware make sure the smart hub apps also have the latest updates. Our unit was updated as of 10/12/12 but the smart hub and apps all took about 20 minutes to update themselves to the latest firmwares. Once everything is updated ONLY then can you really get the most out of this player and ONLY then can you have any sort of legitimate gripe about this BD-D5700 performance. Even so firmware updates can be an ongoing thing as issues are constantly being fixed and new stuff is added on.2. The WiFi hardware inside these players are not the best and many companies have been found out for using inferior antenna parts during production in  Chinese factories. I'm not sure if Samsung is one of these companies to use cheap parts but it is obvious that the antenna in this player is not the best and, like another reviewer said, there is no firmware update that will ever fix cheap hardware. That said, the player is on the 2nd floor of my Mom's house with her Netgear Wifi Router down in the basement and the player still gets a good to strong signal (most likely due to a really good router). But we did notice that if the microwave oven is on or if there are lots of devices (iPads, laptops, etc...) in the vicinty using the internet (especially for strenuous high data streaming stuff) then this player will not hold a good signal and will repeatedly freeze during long-playing Netflix movies. For me this is where the player lost one star. The antenna for what this player costs retail should be better.3. As a Blu-Ray/DVD player this unit is awesome. The remote control and touch screen interface is simply amazing.  The remote is easy to use and having a big bright red Netflix short cut key is very helpful considering my Mom, like most folks, is not tech savvy and don't like journeying thru menus and submenus to get to Netflix. With a dedicated Netflix button accessing Netflix is as easy as changing a TV station from one channel to the next (Netflix). We sat her 4003 LED Samsung TV on top of the player and it blends seamlessly together (see gallery pics). The 4003 led TV is super light so there is no issues of crushing the player. That said it is a great looking player that plays BD and DVD discs seamlessly. I don't believe it is an ALL Region player but since all regions player usually say they are all regions I did not buy this expecting it to play DVDs bought back to the USA from Uzbekistan or Brazil.4. If you are buying this to use solely for Smart TV apps and you expect it to perform like a Smart TV then stop. I found apps like YouTube to be archaic compared to my T27A950 smart tv and even my PS3's smart hub layout. Here on the BD-D5700 YouTube looks like it is on a Windows 95 interface with simple menus and when a video is played it is limited to a small low res 480p player window that does not fill up the entire TV screen(as far as I can figure). The positive of this simplified YouTube interface is finding and scrolling thru YouTube searches are simple and faster than the current complicated Smart TV layout. I haven't used Hulu or the other apps. keep in mind, however, the apps within the smart TV hub may have their own individual updates.5. Netflix is so-so ONLY because the player has crappy WiFi antenna hardware. I found big hi-def blockbuster movies, like Mission Impossible Ghost Protocol, to have longer load times (2-3 minutes) and have the most vulnerability to momentarily freezing (for like 1-5 minutes) to reload or load during the streaming. For example while watching Ghost Protocol my fiance went downstairs to microwave some popcorn and the minute the microwave started the movie stopped and froze for 3 minutes then reloaded for another 5 minutes. This let me know that the wifi antenna is very sensitive to interference . On the other hand TV shows, sitcoms and short movies have no issues with load time and give no problems freezing. In fact load times of sitcoms and TV Shows and short movies were as fast as the best Smart TV or a PS3. Bottom line: I think if I had paid the original sticker of $179 for this player then I would have returned it for the weak WiFi being an issue that results in laggy Netflix playback. Also I love YouTube more than Netflix and this Win 95 YouTube interface is not cool for me at all. My Mom doesn't even know what YouTube is so for her I kept it to 4 stars but it would have been 3 stars if this player was bought for my TV. For what its worth if you get one of these for $40 or less then you can't really complain. The remote control alone is worth $40!
