Returned it
So this won't be a in depth review.  I didn't keep it long enough to do that.  But there are a few good/bad things I have to mention:The Good:- User Interface seems reasonably well done.  UI is responsive.- Easy to setup on my WIFI network.- Lots of online content available... at a price.- Roku made it really easy to cancel my account on their website. The Bad:- Even if I don't actually want to purchase content on my Roku, I still need to provide them my credit card.  WHY?- Playing my own content *only* works via USB pendrive/etc.  I can't stream it via SMB/NFS/etc.  This ended up being why I returned the Roku, since 95% of what I want to do is stream content from my local computer and I don't want to have to deal with copying files to USB pendrives everytime I want to watch something.- No keyboard on the remote. This makes filling in search boxes a lot more painful then alternatives- The remote and Roku box itself just seem like it was made in China on the cheap.  (and yes, it says made in China).  I'm a bit concerned how long the remote will last- especially if kids are using it to play games.  If you stripped off the logo's, nobody would ever confuse this with a product made by Apple which tend to feel more solid and scream well made/designed. Overall, I think the Apple TV is a nicer integrated product which basically does everything the Roku does (well other then games, but I already have a PS3 for that).  The key reason I bought this though was to watch content I had on my hard drive and wanted to stream to my TV.  My old Boxee Box did that wonderfully (well until it started having HDMI problems).  So I ended up returning the Roku and bought a refurbished Boxee Box for the same price.  Honestly, I'm not happy how Boxee has basically EOL'd the Boxee Box and we won't see any more updates, but other then playing games it seems to do everything and more the Roku does already- and the Boxee Box remote is much nicer IMHO. Conclusion:  The Roku is probably the one to get if you only want to stream content from online providers (never your own content) and want to play the occasional game.  Otherwise, there are probably better solutions out there.
