Horrible...... ugh
So we all read sci-fi.  Chances are if your reading this review you could list off the top 20 major Science fiction writers.  Asimov, Card, Heinlein, Dick, Vonnegut, etc.  Chances are you could list off the top 20 major Science Fiction films as well; Blade Runner, Star Wars, Sunshine, 2001 Space Odyssey and so on.  The same could be said for video games assuming you have played any. THIS DOES NOT MAKE IT A GOOD BOOK.  A song that says your closest city (2Pac California love, Surfin USA - Beach Boys) does not make it a good song.  Granted that doesn't make it a bad song either, but this book is flows like this. The writer desperatley tries to relate to the reader by refrencing in the first 15% of the book every possible connection through film, books and video games.  Music is used as well but to a lesser degree.  He will mention every obvious sci-fi book and movie multiple times. After this is established the Writer will inject the story plot.  Its the same dystopian crap we have been reading for quite a while now.  Nothing new here people.  A corporation is the generic badguy, and the protagonist is an utter failure. The twist is "The Matrix" or "Metaverse"--- whatever you want to call it, it is definetly unoriginal. Basically this is a COMPLETE ripoff of SNOW CRASH by Neal Stephenson.  (READ THIS YOU FOOL)After we have established how shitty the earth is, how bad the generic antagonist corporation is, how against the odds our protagnoist is, we are treated to hundred of pages of shit.  Shit settings, that are so poorly thought out it hurts.... he doesn't even bother explaining the worlds, he just steals them from other fiction..... oh the protagonist has to find some clue related to Starwars?  Well that's convienent because the ENTIRE Star wars universe just happens to be right over here. IT IS SO PREDICTABLE. Does the protagonist suddenly have a skill or item that is needed to complete a task?  Why bother writing that in earlier in the story?  That takes work..... so the writer can just put, "oh btw he picked this skill up last week after he moved".  Trash writing. The good guy wins, the bad guy loses, nothing profound happens, there are no twist, there is no jerk back to reality.  No message is delivered, and nothing is in the least bit thought provoking. Tons of spelling mistakes in here, I don't really care.  This is the first and most likely the only review I will write, unless this guy writes a sequel.  Who am I kidding, I would never bother reading that.
