Not as Good as the SX20 Which Was Only Martginally Better than the SX10
This review could be summed up as follows: Take a really good lens with IS, a comfortable, light-weight body, and screw it up by overloading its processor with unnecessary capabilities. I bought and returned the SX30 after two weeks and, because I had some trepidation about a return, I bought locally rather than through Amazon which is my favorite "retailer." When I saw that Canon had brought out a 30x IS digital zoom, and 60% of my photos are of birds, I was bummed that I had just gotten the SX20IS. If you know waterfowl at all, you know they tend to sit in the middle of a pond. They do not come 20 feet from you and pose. In 2010, I has seven of my photos published in birding magazines (and eight of muskrats, spiders and dragonflies in nature mags). You can see these photos on my web site which, because Amazon has to be careful, can only be described as my first and last name. com. Why the preface? It's necessary, that's why. Too many people do not realize that the more bells and whistles Canon (and the rest) put on a camera diminishes the capability of the chip to handle the bells or the whistles or both. The SX10 and the SX20 had one problem which was bad enough, and just got worse with the SX30: low light photos are terrible or terribly hard. I'm not speaking of taking pictures of a birthday party when at least you might have light from the conflagration of Aunt Marta's 91 candles lighting up the room. I'm talking about an overcast day, even a day when it's bright, but no sunlight. The kind of day when a 35mm camera could compensate and using film with an ASA of 400 didn't create so much noise that you tossed the photo. With the Canons, a subject at 50 feet under the canopy of a tree is darn near impossible. And don't use the flash because with animals' retinas reflect white or grey which cannot be corrected with red-eye correction. And with raptors, don't even think of PhotoShop to get rid of grey eye. If that was all, I would have kept the camera for sunny day shooting. But no, there are other negatives as well. A preface to this list is that I REALLY WANTED this to work. Who wouldn't? The equivalent of over 700mm telephoto in a 20 ounce camera would bet the dream of any nature photographer. Pros: It does take decent - not fantastic - photos at full zoom under the right conditions. Canon brought back the tether for the lens cap. Whoopee! Took 'em long enough and makes you wonder if they read comments from end-users. Cons: Low-light photography is difficult if not impossible, and I use everything from A, V, and M to Program and Auto and all those special circumstance lighting (e. g., night or fireworks) to no avail. Canon went to a proprietary battery instead of my AA rechargeable batteries which I have been using on the SX10 and 20 as well as every other gadget in my arsenal. (The Eneloops will last long enough for about 700 photos taken at full resolution including some flash shots.) I carry a set of those batteries in the car, and a set in my pocket when I remember. They hold their charge for well over a year, but that's another review. The difference between 24mm and 28mm wide-angle doesn't make much of a difference to me even when taking shots of Yosemite Valley. There comes a point when reality is compromised. I know full well when, at one time 20 years ago, I became enamored with my Olympus Zuiko fish eye lens and for about a year, the whole world was presented as a small-mouth bass would see it. This camera is slooooooow. Even on a good day, i. e., sunny, you can't snap off 3-5 shots in less than 8-10 seconds. Reset is also slow, and I suggest you turn off the LCD and use viewfinder only. The difference between 12.1 and 14 MP is negligible. First of all, by pushing the SX30 to 14.1 MP, the software and CMOS has to struggle to do everything that is asked of it. I want to make a point that I do not use PhotoShop: what I see is most often what I get with one exception. I am not opposed to cropping. I can take a photo with the SX20 and crop it and get a better photo than the SX30. If I were to put up some of my dragonfly and damselfly photos, anyone who has used these two (or three) cameras would know that the sharper images can from the SX20. They would have more difficulty in determining those taken with the SX10 and SX20. The macro is neither better now worse than the SX20. Oddly, my wife's teeny Canon SD1100IS 8MP takes better macros and super-macros than either of these. The best part of the S3, S5, SX10, SX20, and SX30 is the articulated LCD and the only time I use it is for macros or when I have to aim over a fence. While I should be thrilled that my SX20 is good for a few more years (or months), I'm terribly disappointed, in part because I want to stick to a "point-and-shoot" (a misnomer for anything this sophisticated). I do not want to fall into the trap of a DSLR with a body and 4 lenses and 35 pounds of stuff to carry with me. Besides, I've already made my reputation as "The Point-and-shoot Nature Photographer." I like having the skill set to use these Canons, but I do wish that Canon didn't feel it necessary to sell me something like the SX30 just because six months has gone by and the LAW is that they have to come up with something new every 6 months. Last word: Note that the description of the camera and the shots taken by the camera were all taken in bright light. When the SX40 comes out - unless this is Canon's way of forcing everyone into a DSLR - I'll try it if they show a photo of a bird in a tree, Aunt Marta's 92 birthday indoors, and an indoor graduation ceremony from 100 feet away. Oh, and then, I want a macro of a jumping spider showing all 8 eyes tack sharp.
