Best Phone I've Ever Owned
I've been doing the Android thing for years now. Been through a few manufacturers in that time. And the Samsung Galaxy Note II is, by far, the best phone I've ever had the privilege of using. First and foremost, the size. It's hard to talk about the Note II without mentioning its size. Based on the reviews I read on the web, I expected this thing to be enormous. Turns out it's really not nearly that big. It's amazingly thin, and a very comfortable size for my hands. Mind you, I do have somewhat large and clumsy hands. For my purposes, this is the perfect size for a phone. If anything, the Otterbox Defender case I put it in is what makes this phone appear really large. Without the case, most people don't really have anything negative to say about its size. Since I always have large pockets on my person (cargo pants, cargo shorts, jackets with large breast pockets, etc), I have no trouble accommodating this device no matter where I go. One drawback to the size is how ridiculous it looks holding it up to your face when you use it as a phone, especially with the Otterbox Defender case. For this reason, I got a Bluetooth earpiece (Motorola Elite Sliver) which interfaces perfectly with the phone and allows me to make and receive calls without taking the phone out of my pocket. I can also interact with the phone in various other ways via voice commands. Of course, the Note II's size brings us right into... the beautiful screen! What a fantastic screen. Best I've ever seen on a phone or handheld device. It's large, clear and colorful. In fact, it was so vibrant that I changed the screen mode to "Natural" to help mute some of the colors a bit. As a photographer, I can really appreciate this screen for reviewing pictures and doing some quick edits. It's the best compromise between a normal phone and an unwieldy tablet. It's also fantastic as a driving tool. Navigation is a dream to use on the large screen, and I can fit a ton of huge shortcuts on one home screen to safely interact with the phone while driving without ever taking my eyes off the road. In many cases, it's possible to use the tablet version of apps on this device for better functionality. For example, I use the SwiftKey Tablet keyboard rather than the phone version. This gives me a huge split keyboard in landscape mode, with room for arrow keys and other neat features, thereby making two-handed thumb-typing a joy. (note: the tablet version of Photoshop Touch is not available for the Note II, Adobe specifically blocks it. Only the Phone edition is officially available, which is a shame)Can you say fast? This thing is blazing fast. I've got well over 100 apps installed, with at least 30 running in the background at all times. I've got 17 active widgets on 6 home screens, all of which update with online data on a regular basis. The interface never misses a beat, and everything runs smooth as silk. I've run some pretty demanding games (Real Racing 3, Modern Combat 4, etc), and none of them needed any special treatment to run properly. With all those apps and widgets, I was worried battery life would become unbearably short. But that's not the case at all! If I'm using the phone constantly (which I often am), I can get a solid 8 hours out of it. Mind you, this is with constant use of data, heavy graphics, etc, all without ever plugging it in. If I'm just using the phone occasionally for communication tasks and checking updates (like a sane person), then I'm good for about 2 days on a single charge. None of my other Android phones ever lasted much more than a single work day on a charge, so this is a vast improvement. Another very unique aspect of the Note II is the S Pen. Some might dismiss this as a gimmick (I did at first). But after learning to use it efficiently, I now see the S Pen as a revolutionary way to use a phone! Taking notes is quick and easy, regardless of my current task. Using the S Pen to interface with the screen helps prevent the accumulation of dirt and oil on the surface. And swiping on the keyboard is much more precise. I can type quickly and efficiently with the S Pen in a way I never could with my fingers. As proof, I'm writing this review on my Galaxy Note II right now! Some will complain about the Samsung TouchWiz layer on top of the stock Android interface, and I guess they have a right to do so. Samsung imposes some frustrating limitations upon users. For example, the included music player is the default music player, and there's no simple way to change that, even if you have another one installed. If you use the call button on a Bluetooth earpiece, S Voice gets triggered, and again there's no simple way to change that. Then there's all the bloatware that comes pre-installed from both Samsung AND AT&T, and most of it is complete garbage. Media Hub and Music Hub are useless memory drains that can't be disabled, S Suggest and S Voice are inferior alternatives to what's available on the Google Play Store and can't be removed, and the TouchWiz launcher is sorely lacking many features that can make the Home screens so much more useful. But the beauty of Android is that it's endlessly customizable! There ARE alternatives for all of those crappy included apps. And while I state above that some things can't be disabled or removed, that's not exactly true. If you're willing to root your Galaxy Note II, then the sky's the limit for customization. Rooting this device is unbelievably easy and opens the door to making the device truly your own. I've rooted mine. I'm still running the stock Samsung version of Android on my Note II, but I've gotten rid of all the unwanted bloatware, and replaced the built-in "default" apps with my preferred versions from the Google Play Store. My own music player, my own voice command interface, my own launcher, my own lock screen, all without any interference from the Samsung bloatware. No more Media Hub and Music Hub auto-scanning my device and running in the background every time I turn on the phone. In addition, rooting the Note II has allowed me to better secure my phone (Avast! Mobile Security works better on a rooted device, full system backups are now possible, etc). The Note II is a fantastic device as it comes from the factory, but it really becomes the perfect device once it's rooted. The only version of the Note II available from AT&T is the 16GB edition (in gray and white). I was initially disappointed that the 32GB edition wasn't available, but it turns out that 16GB is more than enough for all my needs. With a 64GB SDXC card installed, there's plenty of room for all 100+ apps that I use, AND all the data they generate. I still have 9GB available on the phone and 35GB on the SDXC card (with over 30GB of music on the SDXC card). I also keep full system backups handy at all times. Turns out the 16GB of onboard flash memory are more than sufficient, and I had nothing to worry about. Have I heaped enough praise on this yet? But wait, there's more! The current official Android version for the Galaxy Note II is 4.1.2, which is a very recent version, even if it's not quite the latest. But apparently the upcoming version of Android (version 5, Key Lime Pie) is scheduled as an update in the near future! This device is getting a lot of attention from Samsung, they're not going to abandon it anytime soon, and that's great news for someone who's looking for a phone that will remain relevant for a while. Yes, it's an expensive phone. And it's larger than most phones. But this device has almost completely replaced my desktop as a daily computing device. It's the best portable computing device I've ever used, and I plan to keep it for a long, long time. Worth every penny.
