Good urban walking around pack - not a day pack
I've had this for a few days now and taken out for a walk around NYC on two occasions. I might not have the bags straps dialed in quite right just yet.  I can't seem to get the bag to sit flat on my back (top of the bag) without the straps being too tight which also then raises the bag up high on the back.  This could be a fit issue in general.  I'm 6'3" (tall skinny guy) so the bag might have been designed for someone 5 10"...  It's not that it's uncomfortable but it's not a perfect fit.  Maybe no bag is. I'm carrying around a canon rebel T1i with a 50mm lens attached as well as the standard canon strap.  In the side pocket I was able to squeeze in a 70-250mm with the hood around the body (not attached).  I don't think much else could fit there.  I've got an extra card, an ipad camera connector but that's about it.  I'd really have to force in a USB cable in the straps pocket but decided I didn't need to carry that. Besides a couple of business cards that's really it.  You could squeeze in a credit card, some cash and extra lens cap but not much else.  Especially anything that isn't flat. (eg Not sure where I would put a speedlite flash but possibly under the camera). As for the camera area, it's pretty deep.  They  have this sling inside the pocket to pop your lens through which holds it off the bottom.  Seems to work but it could be a little lower since I'm almost squeezing/jamming the strap on top of the camera to zip it closed. I was thinking of removing it (velcro).  Also due to the pop up flash it isn't a perfect fit.  there's a slit in the sling so the pop up flash can slide down but it's just a little off. Could be the shape of my particular camera.  Not a deal breaker. It's pretty easy to swing the bag around from your back to the front, unzip the pocket and grab your camera which is exactly what this bag is for.  One complaint is zipping around corners.  Seems one of the two zippers (important to have two) gets caught but I might report back on that if this is a problem. As others mentioned, this is a stiff bag.  Leads me to believe it's sturdy and will last awhile but I can see what people mean by that.  I'm not sure if it's a downside. The strap is well padded and seems comfortable. You definitely have to get the strap length adjusted so that it's not rubbing on your neck.  I don't/haven't yet used the waist strap which is neatly tied up.  I can't see myself ever using that.  The bag isn't that heavy and can't get that heavy because its not going to carry much.  I haven't yet tried a tripod on this.  It would have to be a travel tripod.  Not sure what else you would use that flap for. Overall, it's comfortable, carries what I need for a few hours of walking around (you're not getting food in here...), seems ideal in an urban setting or short hike which is what I bought this for.  Price is right as well.  Seems well constructed.  Although I'm not sure if I would really travel with it besides packing it in a pack while flying... since it can't hold much else. It's not a day pack.
