Loved it
Oh my goodness wtf have I just read?  For me this is one of those books that I just can't get out of my head.  I finished it late last night, way past my bed time, and today I just can't stop thinking about it.  It has consumed me.  When I first saw this book last week on Goodreads I thought `oh no not another Fifty Shades' but I read the blurb and saw that Ava was an interior designer, something very similar to what I do for a living so I just had to buy it.  This Man is similar to Fifty Shades in that it has a handsome controlling rich guy who becomes obsessed with a young woman but for me that is where the similarity ends. I'm sure fans of Fifty will enjoy This Man however.  In fact I'm going to go out on a limb here and say I prefer it to Fifty. Ava O'Shea is a 26 year old interior designer who has just come out of a 4 year relationship with a serial cheater.  She is meeting with a potential new client called Jesse Ward at a fancy country house called The Manor.  Ava is expecting a fat, balding, old guy but Jesse Ward is the complete opposite.  This Man tells their story set over a month. This book is very intense and long with lots and lots of sex.  The story felt like it had been going on for years as opposed to just a month and I felt I was living it rather than reading it.  It was because of this why I loved this book so much.  I felt everything Ava felt especially her mixed emotions over Jesse.  In the end Jesse's behaviour had me so confused I didn't which way was up or down.  Jesse is gorgeous, controlling and crazy... and I mean crazy.  Yet Ava falls for him immediately despite trying to keep her distance.  Ava doesn't know where she stands with Jesse.  One minute he is referring to their relationship as just sex and the next he is telling her how he will keep her forever.  All they seem to do is have sex and normally too much sex in a book puts me off, but for me it added to the story as it shows the obsession that Jesse and Ava have with each other and what their relationship is essentially about. I'm still not sure how I feel about Ava.  I like her but she also did annoy me at times with her constant running away from Jesse.  I can see why she did run away from him with his controlling and crazy personality however it did get a little tiresome.  Jesse is a mystery.  We don't know how old he is only that he is older than Ava.  We don't know what The Manor is yet I had my suspicions which turned out to be correct and we don't know anything about his history.  We know that he is extremely well endowed and fantastic in bed with stamina that lasts all night.  Clichéd I know but come on ladies we don't want to read about a one hit wonder with a little penis who is rubbish in bed, do we? The ending is amazing and I cannot wait for book 2 Beneath This Man to come out on 18 January next year.  How am I going to get through 2 months not knowing what is going to happen?  I highly recommend this book, I'm so thankful that I came across it. I am also thankful that an author is writing an Erotic Romance book that is a bit different.  We have a seriously messed up guy having a messed up relationship rather than a formulaic love story.  Ms Malpas I applaud you for this and I can't wait to see where how this trilogy ends.  I am so pleased I bought and read This Man, I love that it is set here in the UK and I am going to give it 5 stars.
