I have 3 floors in my house so vacuuming can be a big chore so I was excited to get the Hoover Windtunnel because of its light weight and ability to carry it up and down the stairs so easily.  It's very easy to get up and down, the easiest of all vacuums I've ever owned.  It's also great for vacuuming my stairs with the longer hose.  I did have to bring it up halfway through and because of its small size, it sat nicely on my stairs. Another feature I loved is the long cord.  I was able to plug it in on spot and clean all the rooms on that floor very easily, which covers about 1000 sq feet.  It is such a nice time saver than to have to continually unplug and plug it in. I was very happy with the amount of crap that it picked up in the first vacuum.  I couldn't believe how much stuff was in my rugs, it was pretty disgusting.  I guess my prior vacuum was missing a lot. I was very confused as to how to use the hand tool the first time.  I didn't feel the instructions were very clear on how to attach the extra house and tools.  It took me a while to figure it out and honestly the pictures on the box were more helpful than the manual.  But I did figure it out and it was helpful on the stairs, like I said above.  I do wish it was more bendable because vacuuming the windowsills isn't as easy because the bottom part of the extension is not flexible.  So it's better for things up high than mid-level. It's a small vacuum so the barrel that holds the dirt isn't huge so I found I had to empty it more often than my other vacuum but at least it held enough for one vacuum. I read some other reviews saying they didn't think the suction was very good, but I have to disagree, I think its fine, however it may be fine for me but not for others, I do get that.  But I didn't find it useless and it did pick up a lot!! Overall I do like it and will use it often and I it continues to perform as well as it has for me so far. Disclosure: I received a sample of this product to facilitate my review, but my opinions are entirely my own.
