Not as good as it should be... Screen is blurry
I received this camera as a gift. I was previously using a Kodak EasyShare C143. The Kodak took sharper pictures and had more fine detail almost every shot. The C143 is a 12MP camera that takes pics at 4000 x 3000 at 480dpi.  This Sony camera DSC-W650, is 16.1MP and takes pics at 4608 x 3456 at 350dpi. I also compared it to my older 8MP Kodak ZD8612 IS....(3264 X 2448 at 480dpi) and those pics are still a bit sharper and clearer than this new Sony camera. The C143's auto focus was faster and noticeably more accurate than the Sony's... almost all of my pics are clear and detailed.. on the Sony, lucky to have half of them turn out. I mostly take pics indoors, and the Sony's flash isn't that great. Low light performance is poor. Pictures loose significant detail at higher iso's. The HD video recording on this camera is great, definitely much better than the 2 other cams, but they aren't HD.. so no real contest there. One thing I really like about this camera though, is it has a "Easy Mode"... where is makes the text big and camera VERY simple to use... dumbed down menus, locks out everything except pure basic functions... for those people like my folks can use... just point and press button. My 70yr old Grandma would really like that... Assuming she could remember how to turn the camera on... lol. I also noticed the LCD screen display is quite fuzzy and distorted, no where near as sharp as my old Kodak... even the text on the screen is phased out and blurry... hard to read.. the screen seems to flicker or... just look out of sync... or something... hard on the eyes... and if you look at the screen from any other angle other than straight at it.... eye level.. it is super blurry, very bad viewing angles. I contacted Sony support... spent over an hour on the phone going through their stupid "idiots" method of troubleshooting, resting camera, pulling battery in and out, etc... I HATE THAT!!!... finally, the guy in India told me they will accept the cam in for repair this one time... even though I could not produce a receipt. Annoying to have to pay to ship defective things back to companies... they should cover shipping both ways, since it was their fault their quality control missed it.... but... yea... what company ever does that nowadays.. will update once i get cam back in.. o.. whenever they decide to... UPDATE: Just picked up this: Panasonic LUMIX DMC-ZS19 Digital Camera- Black  Like it much better. See my review their. UPDATE 12/27/12: Sent in cam for repair. Had to pay to ship it to them. Got call from Sony a week alter "technician found nothing wrong". I re-explained the issue with the lcd screen... the guy (who could barely speak English) took about 10 min of explaining to realize a hardware issue.. then he quickly told me "I update and we work on it"...2 hrs later I get an automated email from Sony stating the camera is being shipped back to me. Received it today... and can't tell any difference. The included paperwork has marks on it indicating the lcd panel was replaced and the camera cleaned and lubricated, but the screen still looks horrible fuzzy and the menus still have a a flicker effect to them. The screen has poor viewing angles. No where near as sharp and clear as the Panasonic ZS19 camera I bought to replace this one. Despite the poor quality lcd, this Sony seems to take decent pictures, they look fine on the computer. Just annoying, as you may not be sure the picture you take is in focus or blurry or not, as the pictures always look blurry on the built in screen.
