After much research of online reviews, I settled on the Shark, the Navigator Elite Professional NV501, to be exact.  I had originally wanted a Dyson, but it seemed that there was so much positive feedback about this vacuum that I couldn't justify paying double for a vacuum just because of the name.  I had actually never even heard of this brand before I started looking online, so I had no pre-conceived notions about the brand. It works wonderfully and I'm very pleased with my purchase.  I have a bad back but I don't find the Shark to be too heavy or overwhelming to push or pull, the rotator surprised me with it's self-propelling ways, though.  I didn't find that the hose was too stiff, a common complaint in reviews, I think it's very  handy compared to most hoses I've ever used.  It is not at all noisy, the rotator turns off automatically once it's upright making it even quieter! I had never invested much into any vacuum, before this one; I was finally fed up with replacing my old, second-hand Bissell's belts, constantly, (nothing more frustrating than only having half the room done when the belt comes off for the 3rd time.)  Turns out, I didn't know what I was missing: how clean a vacuum could be!  I mean, yes, it cleans the floor and other surfaces, but the Shark itself isn't covered in dirt, oh and did I mention, NO BELTS, so you can forget that filthy chore, and there are no clouds of dust poofing out, ever!.  The ease of disposing of the contents of the Shark canister is a true joy compared to the dirty job of emptying out my old Bissell's canister, or ever having deal with vacuum bags again, yuck.  I'm always amazed at how much dust and pet hair it sucked up, even when I vacuumed the day before!  And it really is fun, I vacuum now more than ever because it's so hassle free, my kids even want to vacuum now. I love that the Shark's filters are washable, that's a real plus!  I did the math on how often I was having to replace belts and filters on the Bissell and it turns out, when I factored in the 5 year warranty, I'm really paying about the same it would have cost me to keep the Bissel up for that period, assuming it would have lived that long.  Chances are that I would have had to replace my old clunker within that 5 year period too.  I would definitely say that if you're hesitating on the upgrade to the Shark, don't, it's worth the money, you won't regret it! Pros:Light, Clean, No Belts, No Bags, Easy Disposal, Powerful Suction, Quiet, Attractive, Lots of Accessories, Versatile, 5 Year Warranty, Fun to Operate, Good with Pet Hair! Cons:Space- so many extras means you have to commit a good chunk of your broom closet, but you can also throw out your broom, so...
