Solid, First-Rate Performance, and an Excellent Value
I'm writing this review on my new Kindle Fire HD 8.9" right now, stylus in hand, testing things out, making sure that things all work as they should.  Had thought about writing the entire review with this device, but the more I get into it, don't think that I can do it justice this way, so I'll just make my notes here as I go, then save them to the Amazon Cloud. Of the four different Kindle Fire HD 8.9" models available at the time of this review, I picked the one that would best fit my personal needs. The Kindle Fire HD 8.9", Dolby Audio, Dual-Band Wi-Fi, 16 GB was chosen based on prior experience with the first generation Kindle Fire, as I had found no problems whatsoever with Wi-Fi in my area, either in the home or within the establishments that I visit. Picked the model that includes special offers, as personally they don't bother me a bit. Breaking this down into sections, I'll offer a subjective overview of what's good and not so good, followed by more details. Likes:+ Excellent display; very easy on the eyes, good access to Amazon and to the `Net+ High resolution; 1920x1200 HD display, rich color from all viewing angles+ Strong Wi-Fi connectivity; dual-band, dual-antenna Wi-Fi, fast downloads & video streaming+ Exceptional sound quality; offers true Dolby Surround Sound+ Long battery life; over 10 hours average, measured and confirmed+ No setup needed; ready to go and runs right out of the box+ Built-in micro HDMI port; allows for 1080P to be streamed to the TV+ Prime Instant Videos; unlimited, and so many from which to pick+ Excellent product feel; very solid and comfortable to the hand+ 16GB storage; about 12.7GB available to the user, more on the Cloud+ Good clean styling; minimalist, yet highly functionalDislikes:- No charging indicator light/LED as on 1st generation Kindle Fire- No charger; it could have been factored into the base priceFirst Impressions:Amazon isn't kidding when they offer fast delivery on the new Kindle Fire models. Mine was received within 36 hours from time of ordering, and the minimalist packaging is quite good, with the USB cable stowed in the box lid. Ordered it with the charger, though I already had one from earlier, and immediately charged it even though it comes partially charged. Setup is minimal, making it all so easy. Once it was fully charged, took it online and immediately installed the Battery HD Pro app and ran the full calibration routine as suggested, just as I had done last summer with the original Kindle Fire; this one is highly recommended. The Kindle Fire HD 8.9" came preloaded with content already purchased before. The Home screen offers a search bar at the top, with additional groupings below: Shop, Games, Apps, Books, Music, Videos, Newsstand, etc. Additional groupings will show up when it's held in landscape mode. Below these there's a carousel of recently viewed material, be it a book, app, web page, movie, etc. Exploring the new Kindle Fire HD for a few hours, it was apparent that this unit is no simple upgrade over the original. The larger 1920x1200 HD display is clearly sharper, compared to 1024 x 600 on my original 7-inch Kindle Fire, and the reduced screen glare is immediately apparent, probably due to its built-in polarizing filter. The colors were deeper and more intense, with darker blacks and even at varied viewing angles. The 1920×1200 HD also helps make text crisp and sharp, and reading books and magazines is a pleasure. The real test came when I tried uploading some ultra-sharp high resolution JPG photos, and was quite pleased at how well they were rendered on the screen. The display on this Kindle Fire HD 8.9" is rated at a very dense 254 pixels per inch (ppi), making it excellent with the 300 & 600 ppi photos that I had uploaded. Tried a few HD videos as well, and the more vivid colors and deeper blacks were apparent, again even at different viewing angles, a step up from my original Kindle Fire. Hardware:The Kindle Fire HD 8.9" has a good look and feel. It's actually quite a minimalist device, and is easy to hold even without a case. Measuring slightly less than 9½ x 6½ inches and only 0.35 inch thick, it has beveled edges, which make it feel even thinner. Weighing in at 20 ounces, it has a solid feel, and the screen surface feels quite robust. Some sources have noted that the screen is made from Gorilla Glass, which may account for the solid feel, but that remains to be verified. The power button is a simple pushbutton, which is nearly flush with the device; no snags here. Wi-Fi Connectivity:As noted earlier, I chose the Kindle Fire HD 8.9" that is equipped with dual-band Wi-Fi connectivity because of earlier experiences with the original Kindle Fire. What I found with this new one was surprising. The product description claims that it offers "over 40% faster speeds" due to the dual-band, dual-antenna Wi-Fi. Where I live there's plenty of connectivity, but it can dip or stutter now and then. This newer Kindle Fire HD is said to be able to switch automatically between the more congested 2.4 GHz and less congested 5 GHz Wi-Fi frequencies, and I've experienced a longer range and faster overall speed, so it works. Processor & Storage:I never had issues with the performance of the original, but this Kindle Fire HD really does perform faster.  It's probably the combination between its newer dual-core 1.5 GHz TI OMAP4 4470 processor and the improved Imagination SGX544 3D graphics core, but there's a noticeable difference, both in speed and graphics rendering. Videos are smoother and far snappier. As far as storage goes, I picked the 16 GB version as I do not accumulate as much as others. Most of the items stored here are books, magazines, photos, some videos and MP3 music files. The Amazon Cloud is where much of my content is kept, and after a book is read, it goes back there for storage so that it can be pulled when need. Keeps things simple and accessible over multiple devices. Web Browsing:The newest version of Amazon Silk works well on this device and offers faster page loads than previous versions. But one of the first things that I did was to switch the default search to Google. It's a personal thing, easy to do, and it allows me to search just as I would on my Windows PCs and on my MacBook Pro. It's fast, easy, familiar and far less hassle that way. Luckily this Kindle Fire HD makes it easy to do in the settings, and it just takes a few seconds of exploring to do it. There is Facebook integration as well, and you can import your photos from Facebook to your Amazon Cloud Drive and view them there, along with any other photos you may already have placed in your Cloud Drive. But a word of caution here: if importing your images directly from Facebook, you're cannot specify which photos you want to import; you'll end up importing them all. Just be aware of this before you start. Email & Address Book:Email setup was a breeze. I use Gmail as my primary, and it was set up and configured within seconds. Once that was setup, the Gmail address book was simple and smooth, and no problems encountered. The larger screen on this device makes it a breeze to access Gmail, read messages and to reply to them. Accessing Apps:There are a number of apps that I use from Amazon's Appstore for Android, and was most curious to see how these would function on the new device. There's a "Compatibility with your devices" checkbox in the upper right of each app, and if it's designed to function on the Kindle Fire HD, there's a green checkbox. Most of the apps that I use have to do with news, travel, photo imaging, word processing, music and utilities. There are a few that won't work on the new device, yet with all of the choices in the Appstore, have yet to find a number of apps to fit my needs. Many of them offer a test drive so that you can decide if it works for you. I'm the wrong one to comment on game performance, as there are very few that I've even tried. The few that I've installed to see what the experience was like seemed to perform well, but not being a gamer, my opinions would be almost worthless. In the Clouds:I've found the Amazon Cloud Drive to be invaluable for storage, and quite easy to use as my freebie backup for books, magazines and apps. But it can also be used to back up documents, photos, videos and other digital files. This review was initially stored on the Amazon Cloud when it was being written, and from there downloaded to my PC for final edits. There's a free desktop app that one can download for access and connection to the Amazon Cloud that makes life easy, and it works well. But my main cloud storage for general use on my PCs and MacBook Pro is the Google Drive, and I looked for an app to install it, but it didn't exist in the Amazon Appstore. There are workarounds, but I hate wasting time hacking apps and interfaces, so I dug deeper... and it was there, in my Gmail settings, along with my address book and the Google+ access. Simple, no hassles, and it works. Sound Quality:Didn't know how well the tiny stereo speakers would work on this version of the Kindle Fire HD would work, but it's said to offer Dolby Digital Plus, and that they were tuned to better reproduce low, bass notes, and without distortion. So I tested it using a particular track that I've used before: Strauss: Introduction to Also Sprach Zarathustra, also known as the Theme from 2001, A Space Odyssey. This particular pure digital (DDD) track has the full dynamics that can bring your speakers to their knees. Without getting too deep here, the opening ultra low notes could be heard, and the kittle drums were surprisingly clear. This also held up quite well with a couple more music tracks, some films and videos that I watched. Distortion is truly minimal, and there is a slightly different though quite good sound when headphones or external speakers are plugged in. Over it's quite better with stereo sound than anticipated. Bluetooth:Setting up Bluetooth was very easy. I paired it with the Plantronics Voyager Legend headset as an audio alternative and tested it with Skype for future use. No problems encountered, and the audio quality was quite good. Reading Books & Magazines:There's no doubt that the 1920x1200 HD display adds to the enjoyment of reading books and magazines, and the sharper text is very easy on the eyes, especially late at night when one is tired. With the X-Ray for Books feature, you can easily get more info about characters, locations, terms, and historical figures mentioned in a Kindle book, and it also highlights exactly where in the book those details are mentioned, allowing you the ability to jump right to the appropriate page. It also allows you to get biographies and more from Wikipedia and Shelfari. Gripes/Complaints:There's no such thing as a perfect product, and in that this Kindle Fire HD 8.9" isn't alone. My older 1st generation Kindle Fire has a charging indicator LED built into the power button, and I was surprised to see the lack of the same on this newer product. Let's just call it an irritant. The other gripe is that there was no charger included as there was with the original Kindle Fire, and a decent charger is essential for this device. As of this writing you can get the Amazon Kindle PowerFast charger for about half price, but only if it's ordered at the same time as the Kindle Fire HD, so if you're considering one of these, be sure to order it at the same time. Accessories & Cases:Though the device offers a 10-point multi-touch interface, which is quite good and far superior to the earlier interface from the original Kindle Fire, I've reverted to old habits and use a amPen New Hybrid Stylus for most applications. This one is quite responsive on the screen, and for some of us it's a faster way of working. Also picked up the Marware Vibe Standing Case for Kindle Fire HD 8.9" based on past experience with a smaller one for the original Kindle Fire. This is a solid 4-star product, but the more costly Marware Revolve Portrait and Landscape Standing Case for Kindle Fire HD 8.9", which is made from genuine leather lined with soft microfiber interior, may be a better and more functional choice for many. These are just two among the many to be found here; the choices are yours. Summary:The Kindle Fire HD 8.9", Dolby Audio, Dual-Band Wi-Fi, 16 GB is a solid product, easily worthy of a +4.5 star rating, considering the minor complaints that I've noted above. It has proven to be subjectively the perfect choice for my needs, though yours may vary, and the 4G versions may better suit your needs. The Wi-Fi performance has showed itself to be better than expected, the navigation is quicker than earlier versions, and the higher-resolution screen does a better job displaying menu options. To date I've had no crashed or lockups. It's currently largest tablet Amazon makes at the moment, and it gives you access to all of your Amazon content in high definition. As a multimedia device it has proven to be quite good, and considering how vast Amazon's content offerings are, especially if you're a Prime member, this is probably one of the best media consumption tablets on the market today, and certainly one of the most affordable in its class.12/23/2012
