Only For Those Who Have Not Watched this Movie
Imagine a film about a greedy, ruthless corporation--one which treats its own workers like expendable pawns--which brings about an unprecedented ecological disaster.  Sound timely?  Yeah, this is NOT a biography of BP and the gulf oil spill, this is the plot of Avatar, so it's eerily striking that the film was released in the year before the gulf oil spill. I did NOT watch this film in the theatre so I have not seen the 3-D experience, but this WAS the film that pushed 3-D over the top commercially.  It was such a phenomenon that several TV manufacturers are releasing 3-D capable hardware (initial price range around $3000) and various media content producers are making plans for 3-D content, so in a couple years you may see a lot of DVDs (and movies, and TV) with 3-D capability. I don't want to dwell at length on the plot.  One viewer (who didn't much care for the film) said it was like Dances with Wolves set on another planet.  Seeing the movie, this made sense.  It's set in a future when humanity has developed space flight.  No faster than light "warp drive" or anything--it takes years to reach the nearest stars, but exploration has revealed a very earthlike planet within reach.  More important, it has a very precious resource not found on earth.  Exactly what it's supposed to be made of and what it's used for were not fleshed out in the movie.  It's dubbed "unobtainium" and it looks like a metallic ore of some sort.  The problem is that creating large strip-mines also inconveniently means ripping up the planet's ecosystem and even killing the native Na'vi, a tall, slender but strong, blue-skinned humanoid race that live in harmony with their world (the way American Indians are portrayed as living more in harmony with the earth than the white settlers, in Dances With Wolves).  As the film launches, a practical-scientific experiment is underway (here, it starts getting more far-fetched) in which bodies are grown with human donor DNA combined with native Na'vi DNA--then the human DNA donor is supposed to be able to "connect" with the brain of the resulting body, and therefore live in and travel around the world without special breathing gear--the goal being to find a way to convince the Na'vi to move off an especially large deposit of "unobtainium"--else the company will simply bulldoze right over them.  This large deposit is inconveniently right under a major home for the Na'vi people.  Our heroes, of course, end up siding with the Na'vi and against the corporation... Almost all the movie is computer-generated (there are probably a few sets, like insides of buildings and ships that had some real backgrounds, but all the outdoor stuff was computer-generated, as were the Na'vi) and ONCE AGAIN, like with Star Wars back in the day, like with the Lord of the Rings films, and like with Ironman on Blu-Ray--this film marks a new pinnacle in computer-generated film footage.  Even without 3-D,but with the high-def available on a good Blu-Ray system, this picture is DROP DEAD GORGEOUS--easily the most beautiful DVD film I have seen on a home system to date.  I think I can get a feel for what the 3-D version might be like, just watching the film on Blu-ray, which just seem sharper and more real and more beautiful than any other CG stuff on DVD before. Yes, everyone's complaining that the studio released a "bare bones" version here--no special features.  Yes, the studio is going to milk the film to the max: a re-release in theatre, followed by at least one more DVD release (actually I'm betting that over the life of this product there will be at least 2 more DVD versions).  It doesn't matter.  If you haven't seen the film in the theatre (like me), you're still gonna love it on DVD.  You'll love it even more in 3-D, I'm sure.  In the meantime, this still makes a helluva present for just about anyone who ever watches a sci-fi film.  It's quite suitable for older kids, teens and adults.
