Don't discount the lens mount error
The D90 was my first step into DSLR and I chose Nikon because of 20+ years of good past experience with a rock-solid (and very basic!) N2000 and later the digital Coolpix 950. I bought my D90 in June 2009 and for several thousand images it fell in the category "you shouldn't ever feel this close to an inanimate object".  I like the way it feels in my hand and its weight isn't a problem for me, although I've seen a few negative comments about that. I'm happy with the bright display. The batteries have lasted well. The controls are where they should be for a Nikon. It was solid: you can easily freeze the hummingbird in the air and the water droplets falling from a dolphin at its apex.  It had the kind of responsiveness that you'll recall if you've worked with plain old SLRs (and minus the "lag" of the older non-SLR Coolpix!). It'd be safe to say I love almost everything about the camera...*except* that I've recently run into the F-- lens mount error. I'd read Amazon reviews before buying the camera, but blew off what people had writtenYou can read more about the problem (and 18-135 lens kit) here:[...]and in the results of a Google search of "d90 lens error" or similar. I've removed the lens, cleaned the contacts, etc. but quite often now I'll be squeezing a shot and nothing... sometimes jiggling the lens or remounting fixes the problem. Even slight pressure on the side of the zoom can correct the problem. All I can really say about the problem is that if you don't have it, you'll probably love the D90. If you *do* have it, it's really a deal breaker. In any situation with a moving/changing subject, you almost never have a second chance once you've nudged the lens a bit and tried to clear it. And having that confidence in your equipment that it will work reliably when you need it is unspeakably important. Without the lens mount/electrical contact error, I'd give the camera the highest rating. As is, I now have to figure out what the Nikon terms are on servicing the camera, determine where to send it, etc. All I really want now is to have this camera back working correctly because I think it's a beautiful piece of technology when working.
