`I've watched through his eyes, I've listened through his ears, and I tell you he's the one.
`Or at least as close as we're going to get.'The central figure in this novel is Andrew `Ender' Wiggin, a six year old boy, born into a future world which has already suffered two invasions from a species commonly known as the buggers. Ender is monitored by the military for years before being recruited to join an elite group of children in training at battle school.  Their mission? To protect the world against another invasion by the alien buggers. Ender is viewed by the military as the one most likely to succeed and as a consequence he is singled out and pushed almost to his breaking point as he faces more frequent and more difficult obstacles than his classmates.  Ender is promoted more rapidly than his classmates and then graduates to command school where he faces increasingly more difficult challenges and is pushed even harder. The external challenges that Ender has to face are tough enough, but it is his internal demons that are the hardest to face.  The world may need Ender to save it from invasion, but Ender himself is at risk.  Ender's sense of self is under constant attack: every aspect of his life is controlled and the world in which he lives has little time for individuality.  Ender has a purpose, but not a place.`If there was love or pity for him, it was only in his dreams.'The world in which Ender lives is full of challenges to be overcome, constrained by regimented behaviour and absent of compassion.  Whether this is justified by the circumstances (do the ends justify the means?) is an interesting question to consider while reading.  While Ender is training to save the world from external invasion, his equally brilliant siblings Peter and Valentine are influencing the world internally by posing as adults and expressing political views via a global network that is similar to today's internet. The world created by Orson Scott Card is a fierce place: the stakes are high and a lot of weight is resting on the shoulders of Ender.  This is the first novel in a series I've been meaning to read for some time:  now that I've started I'm keen to read the rest as soon as I can. Jennifer Cameron-Smith
