Decent plot... cheesy dialogue... nothing new here folks...
First of all I'm a little surprised that WIRED made the NY Times Bestseller list.  Not sure what's going on with that. I didn't hate the book.  I am a sucker for a techno-thriller and this book could be called that.  Douglas Richards does a good job sucking you in and keeping the story moving but the writing really isn't great.  This isn't Michael Crichton or Tom Clancy level stuff. For me the weakest point of the writing is the dialogue.  It's cliche, it doesn't fit the characters and it doesn't fit the moments.  I nearly put the book down at several point simply because of how bad the dialogue could be.  The monologues by the main character are supposed to be the musings of a person who has experienced enhanced "god-like" level thought but what's on the page looks more like the ravings of a sophomore philosophy major.  The epilogue is nearly the worst.  But then how could Douglas Richards do any better?  He isn't amped up on those gel-caps like his characters.  He's just echoing the same droll humanistic atheist/agnostic stuff we've heard before.  Not a bad execution of it but no breakthrough ideas in there.  He rounds it out with a tired new age monologue at the end.  Boring. There is a lot of "tell" in this book and very little show when it comes to the story.  The bad guys always have to lay out the entirety of their evil plan for the heroes for reasons no one can say.  That never seems to bright to me but these super-geniuses must figure telling all the details of their plot actually furthers their agenda. He also doesn't seem to have much understanding of the US special forces as his treatment of anything military smells pretty hollywood. The main characters try to banter back and forth as "well read" individuals but all the references are limited to the pop culture world of a high school boy.  I'm sorry but Lord of the Rings, Alice in Wonderland and Star Wars doesn't classify as "well read" in my opinion. Finally, while I didn't dislike the plot it is far from groundbreaking and twisted a bit too many times to still be plausible. In the words of another techno-thriller author, "The difference between reality and fiction is that fiction has to make sense."  The plot is fiction for sure and what the characters have to say definitely doesn't make any sense. If you are interested in amplifying your mental abilities and achieving super-human human intelligence... this book isn't the place to start.
