better than some we tried but some flaws
We had a difficult time finding a toaster with the classic stainless steel chrome look that we wanted that also worked well. Prior to getting this Cuisinart we tried the Russell Hobbs Classic 2 Slice Stainless Steel Toaster, the Hamilton Beach Classic Chrome 2 Slice, and the Breville BTA820XL Die-Cast 2-Slice Smart Toaster. The Hobbs and Hamilton Beach were selected mostly based on the look. The Breville was selected because of the reviews on Amazon and by Consumer Reports. All of those toasters suffered from problems with the elements right from the start and were returned immediately. There seems to be some quality control issue with the common elements across brands and it is a crap shoot as to whether one gets an optimally working set. The Cuisinart was at the top of Consumer Reports ratings and was bought in the local department store where we could see it and decided we could live with the brushed stainless (would prefer a chrome finish). The elements of the Cuisinart mostly work. There are a few segments on the inner elements that don't get red hot, but at least most of them do and we are a little tired of playing the toaster lottery. So far it has been easy to use and the toasting has been even and sufficient. The outside of the toaster gets very hot (and this also seems to be an issue for many toasters based on our experience with the others we tried, as well as what one reads in reviews across brands). The bagel function is different. It uses all of the elements and just stretches out the toasting cycle in order to handle the thickness, in contrast to other toasters that energize only the inner elements so that the inside of the bagel receives all of the toasting. The Cuisinart approach seems to work fine so far. The inside toasted and the outside (even the garlic bits) did not burn nor even get particularly crispy. We thought about buying the expensive Magimix, partly because it uses the quartz heating elements rather than the common Nichrome wire wrapped around mica sheets, but even those had reviews about uneven toasting and elements going (Williams-Sonoma site), so it didn't seem worth the extreme price to see if we could avoid a lemon.
