Useful for phone calls only, for  Web or music a terrible phone.
I got the T-Mobile Sparq on Friday 05/10/13, and it has been a nightmare. The first problem was getting the Bluetooth to play music correctly,even though my headphones were paired, the music wasn't going to the headphones. A salesman changed a setting that got that to work, but if the phonewas turned off, the setting for the music changed back and music came out of the speaker. The music player has no option for creating playlists, so if you want to do that you're out of luck. The specs I was looking for was stereo Bluetooth and being able to use a 16 GB memory card,which it can do, but the music player sucks and the Bluetooth is difficult. All I had to do on my AT&T Pantech Breeze 2 was connect the headphones to the phone, and that was it, no special settings to get the music to go to the headphones. After the music issue, tried web browsing, which was a total disaster. T-Mobile has "unlimited" Internet, and with a Qwerty slider keyboard you would think it would be good for using Twitter or being online. It was incredibly slow, and kept getting "memory full" error messages. I discovered the Sparq has so little RAM, a spec I didn't think to look up, it's almost useless for using online. When I checked my phone's RAM I had 1.9 MB to work with, which filled up fast. A description online said the phone has 8 MB of RAM, either way, my old flip Pantech Breeze 2 has 80 MB of RAM, which was good enough to surf the Web with. So the phone is worthless to me as a music player and for being online, all this phone is good for is phone calls and voicemail, that's it. So I found out you can "unlock" your old cell, and put your T-Mobile SIM card in your old phone, and use it instead. Which is what I did. Back to the Pantech Breeze 2, with a T-Mobile SIM card in it. But T-Mobile tech support doesn't really know how to change the settings on the phone so the Internet will work. So no Internet, but the Sparq was useless anyway. After 3 days of using T-Mobile, AT&T is looking a lot better. I do not like or trust T-Mobile.
